Return-Path: <linux-kernel-owner@vger.kernel.org>
Received: (listrecv, mailbox 'linux-kernel' opened at Sun Sep 10 02:18:56 2000)
Received: (listsend invoked at Sun Sep 10 02:18:56 2000)
Delivered-To: bruceg-lists-linux-kernel@daedalus.bfsmedia.sk.ca
Received: (qmail 18891 invoked from network); 10 Sep 2000 02:18:55 -0000
Received: from vger.kernel.org (199.183.24.194)
  by bfsmedia.sk.ca with SMTP; 10 Sep 2000 02:18:55 -0000
Received: (majordomo@vger.kernel.org) by vger.kernel.org via listexpand
	id <S130614AbQIJCRK>; Sat, 9 Sep 2000 22:17:10 -0400
Received: (majordomo@vger.kernel.org) by vger.kernel.org
	id <S130620AbQIJCRB>; Sat, 9 Sep 2000 22:17:01 -0400
Received: from [216.205.135.98] ([216.205.135.98]:37325 "EHLO
	oracle.aweber.com") by vger.kernel.org with ESMTP
	id <S130632AbQIJCQx>; Sat, 9 Sep 2000 22:16:53 -0400
Received: from aweber.com (mysql.aweber.com [216.205.135.99])
	by oracle.aweber.com (8.10.1/8.10.1) with ESMTP id e8A2Ko810019
	for <linux-kernel@vger.kernel.org>; Sat, 9 Sep 2000 22:20:55 -0400 (EDT)
Received: (from daemon@localhost)
	by aweber.com (8.8.8/8.8.8) id WAA00064;
	Sat, 9 Sep 2000 22:25:42 -0400 (EDT)
Date:	Sat, 9 Sep 2000 22:25:42 -0400 (EDT)
Message-Id: <200009100225.WAA00064@aweber.com>
To:	linux-kernel@vger.kernel.org
From:	"David Greenwalt" <dpower@thepowerstore.com>
X-Loop:	powerstorenews@aweber.com
X_Id:	13575:1:linux-kernel@vger.kernel.org
Subject: Dave's Power Store News Welcomes You!
Sender:	linux-kernel-owner@vger.kernel.org
Precedence: bulk
X-Mailing-List:	linux-kernel@vger.kernel.org
Content-Length: 8759

Who is Dave and What is Dave's Power Store?

Dave of Dave's Power Store is David Greenwalt, a midwestern 
born and raised 35 year old who lives and loves his family, 
business, and the sports of bodybuilding and powerlifting in 
that order. In fact Dave is the one writing this so I'll 
quit talking in the third person. :-)

In 1987, after attaining a Bachelor in Science degree from 
an Illinois state university and marrying my high school 
sweetheart I started my first business by purchasing an 
existing, but failing gym in the small town of Dixon 
Illinois.  Co-Ed Fitness Center was mine! At the same time I 
was a Dixon Police Officer.  Even though I put in 40-50 
hours of shift work per week as a police officer the 
additional hours necessary to make Co-Ed thrive were hours 
that really didn't feel that much like work.  I knew right 
away that the health business was where my heart really 
stood.  After all, weight lifting was a passion I'd had 
since 1982.

After a couple of years of growth, new equipment purchases 
and other improvements, Co-Ed continued to grow, however, in  
a town of only 15,000 people "making it" in the gym business 
was becoming less of a reality.  I continued to work as a 
police officer and in 1990 was hired by the Illinois State 
Police.

Shortly after being hired by the State Police I sold Co-Ed 
Fitness.  The Illinois State Police requires all recruits to 
attend a state police academy for six full months!  I knew I 
wouldn't be able to run the gym and attend the academy at 
the same time.

After graduating from the academy and getting settled, 
finally back in my home town of Dixon, I felt an emptiness 
and knew I wanted to start another business again.  It was 
in 1992 that I started a tiny little company called The 
Power Store by selling supplements to a few local people.  
And when I say a few local people, I mean a few local 
people!  People were coming to my home to buy them or I 
hand-delivered all of them to their home and hoped they'd 
pay me in a reasonable time.  To say my business plan was 
suffering is an understatement.

During The Power Store's formative years I took every call, 
ordered every product for inventory (3 shelves in a room 10 
X 15), picked every product and packed every order.  My wife 
was working full time during The Power Store's early years 
and we had two of our now three beautiful children.  So in 
between wiping snotty noses, giving hugs, changing diapers, 
reading stories and wrestling with my two boys I worked full 
time as an Illinois State Trooper.  I can still remember a 
common practice that makes me cringe a bit today and wonder 
how I really did it then.  It wasn't uncommon to have 2-4 
orders per day during this time and I always wanted to make 
sure the orders got out on time, regardless of the seasons 
or weather in Illinois.  In the Winter time the routine 
consisted of packing two orders on a bitterly cold day that 
had to get out to be delivered on time.  What did this mean 
for me then?  It meant continuing to juggle the duties of a 
State Trooper with packing up one infant boy and a toddler 
in full Winter gear into my beater car, after packing the 
whopping two orders, and driving fifteen miles to a UPS 
center so I could make sure the orders got out on time.  I 
finally grew enough to ask UPS to come to my home.  Thank 
goodness for that!

The Power Store continued to grow by word of mouth and small 
advertisements in magazines and in 1993 I had to move the 
business out of my home.  I'm generally a very private 
person and I just couldn't have all these local people 
coming to my home at all hours of the day and night.  I 
hired my first real employee in September of 1993 and hoped 
the phone would keep ringing.  Remember, no internet in 
1993.  And the phone did keep ringing.  In fact, the phone 
has been ringing ever since but now the internet is 
beginning to silence the tone.

By 1997 The Power Store was one of the largest sports 
supplement catalog retailers in the country.  I attribute 
the growth to my midwestern values learned from my mother 
and father who instilled in me a commitment to service and 
quality.  I then instilled the same values into every 
employee I hired and continue to do so.  "Getting by" or 
"good enough" didn't cut it and never has cut it.  Because 
I'm such a strong critic of the way others don't service 
their customers and make their customers feel as though they 
are the ones being done the favor I have made sure that 
Power Store customers know the relationship is a mutual one. 
Yes, The Power Store provides high quality products at 
unbelievable prices but if it weren't for our customers we 
wouldn't exist and we value every customer, big or small.

To wrap up the store's history quickly, The Power Store 
continues to live it's own life as a strong catalog/internet 
company with a retail store in Sterling Illinois as well.  
We continue to deliver quality products at the absolute 
lowest everyday prices and I still understand the importance 
of delivering service and products on-time and so do my 
employees, many of who have been with me since 1993 or 1994.

As far as me personally, well, I no longer work for the 
Illinois State Police but still believe it's one of the 
greatest organizations a police officer could work for.  In 
1996 I committed to running The Power Store full time and 
then some as anyone who owns their own business and loves it 
can imagine.

I still reside in Dixon Illinois and even though we don't 
have a great restaurant or Broadway in this small town we 
have family values and the same midwestern ethics that 
helped me become the husband, father and businessman I am 
today.

I've competed in powerlifting (was NASA Wisconsin state 
champ at 220 pounds) and been a powerlifting meet promoter 
on no less than ten occasions.  In 1995 I turned in my 
enthusiasm for powerlifting competitions in favor of 
bodybuilding competitions and continue to train for and 
compete in natural bodybuilding competitions today.

Although I attained a Bachelor in Science I really learned 
about dietary supplements by reading everything I could get 
my hands on, finding out what Medline was and reading 
endless stacks of full research papers, and living the fat 
loss/muscle gain lifestyle for the past 20 years.  I've also 
written well over a hundred articles on supplements and 
training, many of which can be found at our website under 
the ARTICLES link.  I've also been published in Muscle & 
Fitness, Peak Training, and been a ghost writer for many 
others.  I'm also a Certified Strength & Conditioning 
Specialist (CSCS) certified by the National Strength & 
Conditioning Association.  I presently coach over 200 people 
every month through my Coaching Club and thoroughly enjoy 
the friendships and amazing transformations I've been partly 
responsible for creating through the club.

I recently wrote a book called "The Leanness Lifestyle", 
currently in its 3rd edition, which is a 350 page compendium 
of everything I currently know to help anyone wanting to 
strip fat and add or keep precious muscle.

Thank you so much for your time and getting to know me a 
bit.  If you are inclined to do so don't hesitate to drop me 
a note on paper or e-mail.  I try to answer every letter but 
it might take a while.

In health & performance,


David Greenwalt CSCS - President 
Dave's Power Store 
1011 North Galena Ave 
Dixon, IL  61021 
815-288-7432 
800-382-9611 
815-288-7433 FAX 
http://www.thepowerstore.com

P.S.: If you would like to secure your own copy of "The 
Leanness Lifestyle" or find out more about the latest 
edition of it please go directly to 
http://www.thepowerstore.com/engines/?ID=aweber&KW=leanness

P.P.S.:  If you would like to find out more about becoming a 
Coaching Club member go directly to
http://www.thepowerstore.com/whyjoin.html

Make sure your good friends, coworkers and family members 
don't miss out on Dave's Power Store FREE News E-zine! Send
them this section below so they can also join.

---------------------------------------------------------
"To sign up for Dave's Power Store FREE News E-zine just 
send an e-mail to powerstorenews@aweber.com and you'll 
immediately be subscribed for FREE.  It's simple and you can 
unsubscribe any time if you don't like all the discounts and 
news on supplements."
---------------------------------------------------------

To stop additional follow up messages click below:
http://www.aweber.com/r.php?i=powerstorenews&e=linux-kernel%40vger.kernel.org

-
To unsubscribe from this list: send the line "unsubscribe linux-kernel" in
the body of a message to majordomo@vger.kernel.org
Please read the FAQ at http://www.tux.org/lkml/
