Return-Path: <mattp999@brm.de>
Delivered-To: bfsmedia-goose.kennels@bfsmedia.com
Received: (qmail 4131 invoked from network); 23 Feb 2001 05:50:16 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO mail.shiwan.net) (202.103.160.102)
  by bfsmedia.sk.ca with SMTP; 23 Feb 2001 05:50:16 -0000
Received: from iugiufg2 (host-216-77-217-136.fll.bellsouth.net [216.77.217.136]) by mail.shiwan.net with SMTP (Microsoft Exchange Internet Mail Service Version 5.5.2653.13)
	id CZJ2G699; Fri, 23 Feb 2001 14:01:40 +0800
To: mattp999@brm.de
Bcc: gooru@usa.net, gooru@webtv.net, goorue@netscape.net, goorue@usa.net, goos.baaren@gateway.net, goos.baaren@pi.net, goos27@hotmail.com, goos3@earthlink.net, goos@altavista.net, goos@azstarnet.com, goos@gammaquad.com, goos@ican.net, goos@mailexcite.com, goos@msn.com, goos@radiks.net, goos@xs4all.nl, goosaleh@msn.com, goosano@hotmail.com, goosaphite@gateway.net, goosay@hotmail.com, goosberry@usa.net, goosboy@mailcity.com, goosbumps@usa.net, goosbumpz@aol.com, goosby@earthlink.com, goosby@earthlink.net, goosby@mailexcite.com, goosby@msn.com, goosby@netscape.net, goosci@msn.com, goose-6@rocketmail.com, goose-poop@msn.com, goose.kennels@bfsmedia.com, goose007@earthlink.com
From: <mattp999@brm.de>
Subject: I DID IT!!!!--------IT WORKS!!!!
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=unknown-8bit
Content-Length: 28375
Lines: 617


Print this now for future reference. Better yet, download it
to your computer and save it for future modification and use
- so you will never have to retype it.

AS SEEN ON NATIONAL TV:

"Making over half million dollars every 4 to 5 months from
your home for an investment of only $20 U.S. Dollars expense
one time"

THANKS TO THE COMPUTER AGE AND THE INTERNET!

===============================================

BE A MILLIONAIRE LIKE OTHERS WITHIN A YEAR !!

Before you say "Nonsense", please read the following. This
is the letter you have been hearing about on the news
lately. Due to the popularity of this letter on the
Internet, a national weekly news program recently devoted an
entire show to the investigation of this program described
below, to see if it really can make people money. The show
also investigated whether or not the program was legal.
Their findings proved once and for all that there are
''absolutely NO. Laws prohibiting the participation in the
program and if people can follow the simple instructions,
they are bound to make some mega bucks with only $20 out of
pocket cost''.

This e-mail holds the keys to the secrets of opening the
doors of E-COMMERCE, the information highway, the wave of
the future, THE INTERNET!

One Time-Initial Investment:  $20.00

Before you delete this e-mail, please read it through to see
if this would be something that would interest you.  -- IT
IS NOT SPAM!! If you could find an easier way to make a
higher income, would you pursue it? If you had more money to
pay your bills, would you spend more time with your family
and less time at work? If you could find a business that
would generate money while you were doing what you wanted,
would you invest in it?

THE INVESTMENT IN THIS PROGRAM IS $20. Here is a money
making program you can start immediately without any debt.
The only expense so far is the $20 to order the reports and
your time to read and reread the program.

THIS IS A LEGITIMATE, LEGAL, MONEY MAKING PROGRAM!!!  Read
on... Basically, this is what you do: As with all multi-
level businesses, you build your business by recruiting new
partners and selling your product. You offer a product for
EVERY DOLLAR sent to you.  You will NEVER defraud anyone
because you deliver what you promise.

Before you delete this e-mail, print it off and read it
thoroughly.  Be sure that you don't miss any of the points
outlined.  Then put it down, think about it, and read it
again.  I am sending you a whole lot of information in which
you might not fullydigest the first time you read through
all this info. If you don't believe this program will work
for you, send it to 10-20 of your closest friends (in which
you trust deeply), and ask them what they think. This
program really works!  DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY!  Of
course, your friends will also want to participate! Due to
the popularity of this program on the Internet, a major
Nightly News Program recently dedicated an entire show to
the investigation of the program to see if it really made
money.  The show also investigated whether or not the
program was legal.  Their findings proved that there are
absolutely no laws prohibiting the participation in the
program. This has helped to show people like you that this
is a simple, harmless and fun way to make extra money at
home. Even so, if you are still worried or skeptical about
the legal aspects of the program, check it out with the U.S.
Postal Service (1-800-725-2161) and they will confirm that
this is a legal program. After determining that it is legal,
ask yourself, "WHY NOT!?!?"

The results of this MLM program have been truly remarkable.
So many people are participating that everyone involved are
doing much better than everbefore. Since everyone makes
more, as more people try it out, it has been very exciting.
You may have heard this story before, but recently Donald
Trump appeared on the David Letterman Show.  Dave asked him
what he would do if he lost everything and had to start over
from scratch.  Without hesitating, Trump said he would find
a good network marketing program and get to work.  The
audience started to hoot and boo him.  He looked out at the
audience and dead-panned his response, "That's why I am
sitting up here and you all are sitting out there!" Multi-
Level Marketing has gained respectability.  It is being
taught in the Harvard Business School, and both Stanford
Research and the Wall Street Journal have stated that
between 50% and 65% of all goods and services will be sold
throughmulti-level methods by 2005.

You will only understand the program if you get involved.
The entire plan is outlined below.  Print this now for
future reference.  Better yet,download it to your computer
and save it for future modification and use.

Unsure how you would find a reliable, yet affordable, bulk
e-mail company ...when you order Report #1, information is
included on 3 very reliable companies that have committed to
making this program work.

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

This program has the potential to make $50,000 in less than
90 days! It really works, but you must follow the
instructions to the letter.

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

THIS IS A LEGITIMATE, LEGAL, MONEY MAKING PROGRAM!!!  It
does not require you to come into contact with people or
make or take any telephone calls.  All that is required is a
computer and an Internet connection.  You obviously already
have that or you would not have received this e-mail. Just
follow the instructions and this simplified e-mail marketing
program will work 100% for you EVERY TIME! E-mail is the
sales tool of the future.  Take advantage of this virtually
free method of advertising NOW!  The longer you wait, the
more people will be doing business on the Internet.  Be one
of the first in the relatively new frontier.

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

A PERSONAL NOTE FROM THE ORIGINATOR OF THIS PROGRAM: By the
time you have read the program outlined below, you should
have concluded that such a program, one that is a legal
multi-level marketing program, could not have been created
by an amateur entrepreneur.  Let me tell you a little about
myself.  I had a profitable business for 10 years. Then in
1979 my business began falling off.  I was doing the same
things that were previously successful for me, but it wasn't
working. Finally, I figured it out.  It wasn't me, it was
the economy.  Inflation and recession had replaced the
stable economy that had been with us since 1945. I don't
have to tell you what happened to the unemployment rate,
because many of you know first-hand.  There were more
failures and bankruptcies than every before.  The middle
class was vanishing.  Those who knew what they were doing
invested wisely and moved up.  Those who did not, including
those who never had anything to save or invest, were moving
down into the ranks of the poor. As the old saying goes, THE
RICH GET RICHER AND THE POOR GET POORER.

The traditional methods of business will never allow you to
move up or make more money, inflation will see to that.  You
have just received a program that will help you start the
business you have always wanted to start. This is the reason
I wrote and developed the four reports offered in this
program. THERE IS NO RISK AND LITTLE EFFORT ON YOUR PART.
You will make more money in the next few months than you
ever imagined.  You will become debt free and be able to
invest wisely. I should point out that I will not see a
penny of this money as I have retired from the program after
sending thousands and thousands e-mails. I am ready to relax
and enjoy my retirement!  I created this program so that I
could make enough money to enjoy life.  It really worked for
me! Follow the program EXACTLY AS INSTRUCTED.  Do not change
it in any way. It works exceedingly well as it is now.
Remember to e-mail a copy of this exciting report to
everyone you can think of.  One of the people you send this
to may sendout 50,000 e-mails and your name will be on
everyone of them! Remember though, the MORE YOU SEND OUT,
the more potential customers you will reach.  So, I have
given you the ideas, information, materials, and opportunity
to become financially independent.I don't want to try to
tell the future, but with interest rates climbing and
spending the way it is today, I am afraid the federal
government will force us into another recession.  You need
to look out for your future. IT IS UP TO YOU!!  NOW DO IT!!!
-  Jody Jacobs, Richmond, VA

************************************************************

Before you delete this from your Inbox, save it to your
computer, print it out, read it and then read it again.
Take the time to REALLY THINK ABOUT IT.

Get a pencil and figure out what could happen when you
participate.  Figure out the worst possible response and no
matter how you calculate it, you will still make a lot of
money with this program. You will definitely get back the
$20 you have invested.  Any doubts you have will vanish when
your first orders come in.

$$$$$  IT REALLY WORKS!!!  GIVE IT A TRY!!! $$$$$

This is not a chain letter, but a perfectly legal, money
making MLM business.  As with all multi-level businesses,
Amway being a good example, you build your business by
recruiting new partners and selling your products. Every
state in the United States allows you to recruit new multi-
level business partners, and this program sells and delivers
a product for every dollar received.

This is a multi-billion dollar industry and of the 500,000
millionaires in the U.S. today, 20% (100,000) made their
fortune in the last several years in MLM programs. Moreover,
statistics show 45 people become millionaires everyday
through Multi-Level Marketing Programs. With network
marketing, you have two sources of income.  Direct
commissions from sales you make yourself and commissions
from sales made by people you introduce to the business.
Residual income in the secret of the wealthy.  It means
investing time or money once and getting paid again and
again and again.  In network marketing, it also means
getting paid for the work of others. The orders for the
reports come by the U.S. Postal Service and you fill the
orders by e-mail, so you are not involved in personal
selling.  You do it privately in your own home, store, or
office.  This is the EASIEST marketing plan you will find
anywhere. It is simply order-filling by e-mail! The products
are informational and instructional materials, keys to the
secrets of opening the doors of E-COMMERCE, the information
highway, the wave of the future, THE INTERNET!

************************************************************

THE SUMMARY OF THE PLAN IS THIS: 1. You order the 4 reports
listed below ($5 each) through the U.S. Postal Service.
They come to you by e-mail. 2. Save a copy of this entire e-
mail and then place your name under Report #1 and move the
other names down, removing the name under Report #4, as that
person has completed the cycle. 3. When Report #1 comes to
you via your e-mail, contact one of the bulk e-mail
companies listed and have them send your e-mail as soon as
possible. As soon as you can get started sending e-mails,
you are on your way. Begin sending out your e-mail with your
name under Report #1. 4. Orders for the reports will come to
you by the U.S. Postal Service with $5 cash for each report.
You will simply then e-mail the reports as they are ordered,
along with the "Welcome" e-mail text you receive when you
get the reports. Is this not as simple as it gets?  There
are already over 50 million e-mail addresses available, with
millions more joining the Internet each year. Don't worry
about running out or over-saturation of the market. People
are used to seeing and hearing the same advertisements every
day on TV and radio.  How many times have you received the
same pizza flyers and then one day you decide you are hungry
for the pizza and decide to try it.  This program works the
same way!

************************************************************

YOU CAN START THE PROCESS TODAY, JUST FOLLOW THESE FOUR EASY
STEPS: STEP #1 - ORDER THE REPORTS Order the four reports
shown on the address list below (you can't sell them, if you
don't order them).  Address four separate envelopes and send
$5.00 cash for each report ($20 total), enclose a sheet of
paper that includes the NAME OF THE REPORT YOU ARE ORDERING,
YOUR E-mail ADDRESS, AND YOUR NAME & RETURN ADDRESS (in case
there is a problem) to the four persons whose names appear
on the list next to the four reports. Make sure your RETURN
ADDRESS is on the outside of each of the four envelopes you
send the cash in, in case of any U.S. Postal Service
problems. Within a few days, you will receive by e-mail,
each of the four reports. Detach the reports onto your
computer so you can send them to the thousands of people who
will order from you.  It's always good to use a backup disk
with all the e-mail text and the reports, just in case!
This will save you lots of heartache later! STEP #2 - ADD
YOUR MAILING ADDRESS TO THIS LETTER a. Look below for the
listing of the four reports, along with the addresses of the
folks you will order from. b. After you have ordered all
four reports, delete the name and address under REPORT #4.
This person has made it through the cycle. c. Move the name
and address under REPORT #3 down to REPORT #4. d. Move the
name and address under REPORT #2 down to REPORT #3. e. Move
the name and address under REPORT #1 down to REPORT #2. f.
Insert your name and address under the REPORT #1 position.
Please make sure you COPY ALL INFORMATION, every name and
address, ACCURATELY! THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT! STEP #3 - COPY
THIS ENTIRE E-MAIL AND SAVE IT TO YOUR COMPUTER. After you
have modified this e-mail text by removing the name under
REPORT #4, moving all names down, and adding YOUR NAME under
REPORT #1, copy the entire e-mail and save it to your
computer.  Make NO CHANGES to these instructions.  You now
have an e-mail to send to your prospects. It's always better
to copy and paste your text, rather than just forwarding the
e-mail it makes for a much cleaner and easier to read e-mail
each time it is sent! STEP #4 - BEGIN YOUR E-MAIL MARKETING
PROGRAM When you receive REPORT #1, it will teach you how to
download bulk e-mail software and e-mail addresses so you
can send your e-mail to thousands of people while you sleep!
Remember, 50,000+ new people are joining the Internet every
month!  Your cost to participate in this program is the
initial $20 for the reports and the initial bulk mailing
cost.  You obviously already have a computer and an Internet
connection and this e-mail is FREE!

************************************************************

There are two primary methods of building your company:
METHOD #1  -  SENDING BULK E-MAILS Let's say you decide to
start small, just to see how it goes, and we'll assume you
and all those involved only send 2000 e-mails each.  Let's
also assume that the mailing receives only a 0.5% response.
(The response could definitely be much better than this
small percentage. Also, many people will e-mail out
thousands and thousands of e-mails, rather than the 2000 we
are estimating here.)  But, continuing with this example,
2000 e-mails at 0.5% response, this is 10 orders for REPORT
#1. Those 10 people respond by sending out 2000 e-mails, for
a total of 20,000. Out of those 0.5%, 100 people respond and
order REPORT #2.  Those 100 people e-mail 2000 programs each
for a total of 200,000. The 0.5% response to that is 1000
orders for REPORT #3.  Those 1000 send out 2000 programs
each for a 2,000,000 total! The 0.5% response to that is
10,000 orders for REPORT #4.  That's 10,000 $5 bills for
you.  CASH!!! Your total income for this example is $50 +
$500 + $5000 + $50,000, for a total of $55,550! Remember,
this is assuming 1,900 out of the 2,000 people you e-mail to
will DO ABSOLUTELY NOTHING and trash this e-mail!  What
would happen if half of the people you e-mail sent out
10,000 programs, instead of 2000!  Many people will do just
that, and more!

METHOD #2 - PLACING FREE ADS ON THE INTERNET Advertising on
the Internet is very, very inexpensive, and there are
hundreds of FREE places to advertise.  Start small and
decide for yourself how well it works.Assume your goal is to
get only 10 people to participate on your first attempt.
Also assume that everyone else in your program gets only 10
downline members.  Look how this small number accumulates to
achieve the STAGGERING results below:

1st level - your first 10 send you
$5...........................$50

2nd level - 10 members from those 10 ($5 x 100)
.................$500

3rd level - 10 members from those 100 ($5 x
1000)................$5,000

4th level - 10 members from those 1000 ($5 x 10,000)
...........$50,000

$$$$ THIS TOTALS..............................$55,550

Have any idea what 10,000 $5 bills look like piled up on
your kitchen table? IT'S AWESOME!!!!!!

************************************************************

Amazing, isn't it!!  Remember, this assumes that the people
who participate only recruit 10 people each.  Think for a
moment what would happen if they got 20 people to
participate!  Most people get hundreds of participants and
many will continue to work this program, sending out
programs WITH YOUR NAME ON THEM for years!  Think about it!
Many, many people with Internet connections are going to
receive this e-mail--don't you want your name to be on
it!!!! DON'T MISS OUT!!!               JUST TRY IT ONCE!!!
SEE WHAT HAPPENS!!!             YOU WILL BE AMAZED!!!

************************************************************

ALWAYS PROVIDE SAME DAY SERVICE ON ALL ORDERS!  This will
guarantee that the e-mails your prospects send out will have
YOUR NAME AND ADDRESS on them and they will be prompt
because they can't advertise until they receive your report!

************************************************************

GET STARTED TODAY, WITH THESE EASY DIRECTIONS: 1. Place your
four orders for the four reports.  Send $5.00 cash (checks
or money orders will not be accepted--U.S. Currency only)
for each report. 2. Make sure the cash is concealed by
double-wrapping it in two sheets of paper. On one of the
sheets write (do this for each of the four reports): - the
name and number of the report you are ordering - your e-mail
address for the report to be sent to- your name and postal
address 3. Send the cash and the two sheets of paper in a
plain white envelope addressed to each of the four persons
listed on your initial e-mail.  Be sure and put your return
address on the envelope, in case there is a problem with the
U.S. Postal Service.

REPORT #1 - The Insider's Guide to Sending Bulk E-mail on
the Internet

Order Report #1 from:

MP Homes Assoc.
P.O. Box 4383
Battle Creek, Mi  49016-4383

REPORT #2 - The Insider's Guide to Advertising for Free on
the Internet

Order Report #2 from:

Matthew Peterson
35 Royal Rd
Springfield, Mi  49015

REPORT #3 - The Secrets to Multi-level Marketing on the
Internet

Order Report #3 from:

Jim Banning
709 Main St
Prudenville, Mi 48651

REPORT #4 - How to Become a Millionaire Utilizing the Power
of Multi-level Marketing and the Internet

Order Report #4 from:

Lee Martin
P.O. Box 819
Rolla, MO 65402

************************************************************

Remember, AFTER YOU HAVE ORDERED ALL FOUR REPORTS from the
folks listed above, and BEFORE YOU SEND THIS E-MAIL ON TO
YOUR PROSPECTS, delete the name and address under REPORT #4.

This person has made it through the cycle.

Move the name and address under REPORT #3 down to REPORT #4.

Move the name and address under REPORT #2 down to REPORT #3.

Move the name and address under REPORT #1 down to REPORT #2.

Insert your name and address under the REPORT #1 position.

Please make sure you COPY ALL INFORMATION, every name and
address, ACCURATELY! For this program to work, you must
follow the instructions exactly! Especially the rule of not
trying to place your name in a different position. The
program won't work correctly and you will lose out on a lot
of money and potential income. And also for this program to
work for you, you must meet your goal of 20+ orders for
Report #1 and 100+ orders for Report #2.  After you have met
that goal, you are on your way to making over $50,000

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$  TIPS FOR SUCCESS  $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

TREAT THIS AS YOUR BUSINESS!  Be prompt, professional, and
follow the directions accurately.  Send for the four reports
IMMEDIATELY so you will have them when the orders start
coming in because when you receive a $5 order, you MUST send
out the requested product/report.  It is required for this
to be a legal business and folks need to receive the product
they are promised and have paid for.  They will need the
report to sell to the prospects that they contact. ALWAYS
PROVIDE SAME DAY SERVICE on the orders that you receive.  Be
patient and persistent with this program.  If you follow the
instructions exactly, results will follow.

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$  YOUR SUCCESS GUIDELINES
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

Follow these guidelines to guarantee your success: 1. If you
don't receive 20 orders for REPORT #1 within two weeks,
continue advertising or sending e-mails until you do.  Then
a couple of weeks later you should receive at least 100
orders for REPORT #2.  If you don't, continue advertising or
sending e-mails until you do.  Once you have received 100 or
more orders for REPORT #3, YOU CAN RELAX, because the system
is already working for you and the cash will continue to
come in. 2. THIS IS IMPORTANT TO REMEMBER:  Every time your
name is moved down on the list, you are placed in front of a
DIFFERENT report.  You can keep track of your progress by
watching which report your prospects are ordering from you.
3. To generate more income, simply send another batch of e-
mails or continue placing ads and start the whole process
again!  There is no limit to the income you will generate
from this business!

************************************************************

Before you make your decision as to whether or not you
participate in this program, answer one question: ARE YOU
HAPPY WITH YOUR PRESENT INCOME OR JOB? If the answer is NO,
then please look at the following facts about this super-
simple MLM program: - No face to face selling, no meetings,
no inventory!  No telephone calls, no big cost to start!
Nothing to learn, no skills needed (surely you know how to
send an e-mail!). - No equipment to buy!  You obviously
already have a computer and Internet connection, so you
already have everything you will need to begin filling
orders. - You are selling a product which does NOT COST
ANYTHING TO PRODUCE OR SHIP! (E-mail copies of the reports
are FREE to you to send out.) - All of your customers pay
you in CASH!  There are no more "bad checks" to worry about
and try to collect.  There are no more MC/Visa monthly
service charges to cut into your profit. This program will
change your LIFE FOREVER! Look at the potential for you to
be able to quit your job and live a life of luxury you could
only dream about!  Imagine getting out of debt and buying
the car and home of your dreams and being able to work a
super-high-paying, leisurely-easy business from your home
computer!

$$$$$$$$$$$  MAKE YOUR DREAMS COME TRUE  $$$$$$$$$$  ACT
NOW!  $$$$

Take your first step toward achieving financial
independence.  Order the reports and follow the program
outlined above. SUCCESS will be your reward.

************************************************************

WHAT OTHERS SAY WHO HAVE USED THIS PROGRAM:

My name is Mitchell.  My wife, Cathy, and I, live in
Chicago, IL.  I am a cost accountant with a major U.S.
Corporation and I make pretty good money. When I received
the program, I grumbled to Cathy about receiving "junk
mail--SPAM!"  I made fun of the whole thing, spouting my
knowledge of the population and percentages involved.  I
"knew" it wouldn't work. Cathy totally ignored my supposed
intelligence and jumped in with both feet.  I made merciless
fun of her, and was ready to lay the old, "I told you so",
on her when the thing didn't work...well, the laugh was on
me!  Within two months she had received over $147,200 in $5
bills!  I was shocked!  I was sure that I had it all figured
out and that it would not work.  I AM A BELIEVER NOW!  I
have joined Cathy in her "hobby."  I did have seven more
years until retirement, but I think of the "rat race" and
it's not for me. We owe it all to this MLM.  --  Mitchell
Wolf, Chicago, IL

************************************************************

The main reason for this letter is to convince you that this
system is honest, lawful, extremely profitable, and is a way
to get a large amount of money in a short time.  I was
approached several times before I checked this out.  I
joined just to see what one could expect in return for the
minimal effort and money required.  To my astonishment, I
received $36,470 in the first 14 weeks, with money still
coming in.  - Charles Morris, Esq.

************************************************************

Not being the gambling type, it took me several weeks to
make up my mind to participate in this plan.  But
conservative that I am, I decided that the initial
investment was so little that there was just no way that I
wouldn't get enough orders to at least get by $20 back.
Boy, was I surprised when I found my medium-size post office
box crammed with orders!  For a while, it got so overloaded
that I had to start picking up my mail at the window. I'll
make more money this year than any 10 years of my life
before.  The nice thing about this Internet deal is that it
doesn't matter where people live. There simply isn't a
better investment with a faster return.  --  Paige Willis,
Des Moines, IA

************************************************************

I had received this MLM program before.  I deleted it, but
later I wondered if I should not have given it a try.  Of
course, I had no idea who to contact to get another copy, so
I had to wait and hope that I was e-mailed this program
again--11 months passed before I received it again.  I did
not delete it this time.  I have made more than $41,000 on
the first try!  - Violet Wilson, Johnston, PA

************************************************************

This is my third time to participate in this plan.  We have
both quit our jobs and will soon buy a home on the Atlantic
Ocean and live off the interest on our money.  But, the only
way on earth that this plan will work for you is if you do
it.  For your sake, and for your family's sake, don't pass
up this golden opportunity. Good luck and happy spending!!-
Kerry Ford, Centerport NY

************************************************************

Now, the business end of this program:  (Please note, this
is VERY IMPORTANT in getting your business started.) - If
you need help with starting your business, registering your
business name, learning how to handle the income tax, etc.,
contact your local office of the Small Business
Administration or call their toll free number
(1-800-827-5722) for free help and answers to your
questions. -Also, the Internal Revenue Service offers free
help via the Internet and has free seminars about business
tax requirements. - Your earnings are highly dependent on
your activities and advertising.

The information contained in this e-mail and in the reports
constitute no guarantee stated or implied.  In the event
that it is determined that this site or report constitutes a
guarantee of any kind, that guarantee is null and void.  The
earning amounts listed in this e-mail and in the reports are
ESTIMATES only.  If you have any questions of the legality
of this program, contact the Office of Associate Director
for Marketing Practices, Federal Trade Commission, Bureau of
Consumer Protection, in Washington, DC. - Under Bill S. 1618
TITLE III, passed by the 105th U.S. Congress, this e-mail
cannot be considered SPAM as long as the sender includes
contact information and a method of removal.

This is a one time e-mail transmission. No request for
removal is necessary.

THERE IS NO NEED TO RESPOND TO THIS E-MAIL IF YOU DO NOT
WISH TO RECEIVE FURTHER CORRESPONDENCE.  THIS IS A ONE-TIME
E-MAIL.

