Return-Path: <digger67@fiberia.com>
Delivered-To: bruce-spam@bruce-guenter.dyndns.org
Received: (qmail 17241 invoked by alias); 7 Jun 2000 18:23:11 -0000
Delivered-To: spam@bruce-guenter.dyndns.org
Received: (qmail 17238 invoked from network); 7 Jun 2000 18:23:11 -0000
Received: from daedalus.bfsmedia.com (198.169.201.8)
  by 10.2.1.99 with SMTP; 7 Jun 2000 18:23:11 -0000
Received: (qmail 510 invoked by uid 500); 7 Jun 2000 18:23:10 -0000
Delivered-To: em-ca-spam@em.ca
Received: (qmail 505 invoked by uid 500); 7 Jun 2000 18:23:09 -0000
Message-ID: <20000607182309.504.qmail@daedalus.bfsmedia.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-lorena@em.ca
Received: (qmail 500 invoked from network); 7 Jun 2000 18:23:05 -0000
Received: from 1cust210.tnt6.lax1.da.uu.net (HELO mx.klorry.sun.se) (63.24.149.210)
  by em.ca with SMTP; 7 Jun 2000 18:23:05 -0000
To: <lorena@em.ca>
From: <digger67@fiberia.com>
Subject: You can make $50,000 in less than 90 days
Date: Wed, 7 Jun 2000 07:45:34

 INCREDIBLE $0 to $50,000 in 90 days!!!

Dear friend,

You can earn $50,000 or more in the next 90 days sending e-mail.  Seem 
impossible?  Read on for details.

                    "AS SEEN ON NATIONAL TV"

Thank you for your time and interest.  This is the letter you've been reading 
about in the news lately.  Due to the popularity of this letter on the 
internet, a major nightly news program recently devoted an entire show to the 
investigation of the program described below to see if it really can make 
people money.

The show also investigated whether or not the program was legal.  Their 
findings proved once and for all that there are absolutely no laws 
prohibiting the participation in the program.  This has helped to show people 
that this is a simple, harmless and fun way to make some extra money at home.

The results of this show have been truly remarkable.  So many people are 
participating that those involved are doing much better than ever before.  
Since everyone makes more money as more people try it out, it's been very 
exciting to be a part of lately.  You will understand once you experience it.

HERE IT IS BELOW:

The following income opertunity is one you may be interested in taking a look 
at.  It can be started with VERY LITTLE investment and the income return is 
TREMEDOUS!!!

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

If you would like to make at least $50,000 in less than 90 days!
Please read the inclosed program......THEN READ IT AGAIN!!!

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

THIS IS A LEGITIMATE, LEGAL, MONEY MAKING OPPORTUNITY.  It does not require 
you to come in contact with people, do any hard work, and best of all, you 
never have to leave the house except to get the mail.  If you beleive that 
someday you'll get that big break that you've been waiting for, THIS IS IT!  
Simply follow the instructions, and your dreams will come true.  This 
multi-level e-mail order marketing program works perfectly...100% EVERY TIME.

E-mail is the tool of the future.  Take advantage of this non-comercialized 
method of advertising NOW!!!  The longer you wait, the more people will be 
doing business using e-mail.  Get your piece of this action!!!

MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING (MLM) has finally gained respectability.  It is being 
tought in the Harvard Business school, and both Stanford Research and the 
Wall Street Journal have stated that between  50% and 65% of all goods and 
services will be sold through multi-level methods by the late 1990's.  This 
is a Multi-Billion Dollar industry and of the 500,000 millionaires in the 
U.S, 20% (100,000) made their fortune in the last several years in MLM.  
Moreover, statistics show 45 people become millionaires everyday through 
Multi-Level Marketing.

You may have heard this story before, but over the summer Donald Trump made 
an appearance on the David Letterman Show.  Dave asked him what he would do 
if he lost everything and had to start over from scratch.  Withourt 
hesitating, Trump said he would find a good network marketing company and get 
to work.  The audience started to hoot and boo him.  He looked out at the 
audience and dead-panned his response:  "That's why I'm sitting up here and 
you are all sitting out there!"

The inclosed information is something I almost let slip through my fingers.  
Fortunately, sometime later I re-read everything and gave some thought and 
study to it.  My name is Johnathon Rourke.  Two years ago the corporation I 
worked at for the past twelve years down-sized and my position was 
eliminated.. After unproductive job interviews I decided to open my own 
business.  Over the past year I incuurred many unforeseen financial problems. 
 I owed my family, friends and creditors over $35,000.  the economy was 
taking a toll on my business and I just couldn't seem to make ends meet.  I 
had to refinance and borrow against my home to support my family and 
struggling business.  AT THAT MOMENT something significant happened in my 
life and I am writing to share the experience in hopes that this will change 
your life FOREVER FINANCIALLY!!!

In mid December, I received this program via e-mail.  Six monthes prior to 
receiving this program I had been sending away for information on various 
business opportunities.  All of the programs I received, in my opinion, were 
not cost effective.  They were either too difficult for me to comprehend or 
the initial investment was too much for me to risk to see if they would work 
or not.  One claimed that I could make a million dollars in one year...it 
didn't tell me I'd have to write a book to make it!

But like I was saying, in December of 1997 I received this program.  I didn't 
send for it, or ask for it, they just got my name off a mailing list.  THANK 
GOODNESS FOR THAT!!!  After reading it several times, to make sure I was 
reading it correctly, I couldn't beleive my eyes.  Here was a MONEY MAKING 
PHENOMENON.  I could invest as much as I wanted to start, without putting me 
further into debt.  After I got a pencil and paper and figured it out, I 
would at least get my money back.  But like most of you, I was still a little 
skeptical and a little worried about the legal aspects of it all.  So I 
checked it out with the U.S. Post Office (1-800-725-2161 24-hrs) and they 
confirmed that it is indeed legal!  After determining the program was LEGAL 
and NOT A CHAIN LETTER, I decided "WHY NOT."

Initially I sent out 10,000 e-mails.  It cost me about $15 for my time 
on-line.  The great thing about e-mail is that I don't need any money for 
printing to send out the program, and because all of my orders are fulfilled 
via e-mail, my only expense is my time.  I am telling you like it is, I hope 
it doesn't turn you off, but I promised myself that I would not "rip-off"  
anyone, no matter how much money it made me.

In less than one week, I was starting to receive orders for REPORT #1.  By 
January 13, I had received 26 orders for REPORT #1.  Your goal is to "RECEIVE 
at least 20 ORDERS FOR REPORT #1 WITHIN 2 WEEKS.  IF YOU DON'T, SEND OUT MORE 
PROGRAMS UNTIL YOU DO!"  My first step in making $50.000 in 90 days was done. 
 By January 30, I had received 196 orders for REPORT #2.  Your goal is to 
"RECEIVE at least 100+ ORDERS FOR REPORT #2 WITHIN 2 WEEKS.  IF NOT, SEND OUT 
MORE PROGRAMS UNTIL YOU DO.  ONCE YOU HAVE 100 ORDERS, THE REST IS EASY, 
RELAX, YOU WILL MAKE YOUR $50,000 GOAL."  Well, I had 196 orders for REPORT 
#2, 96 more than I needed.  So I sat back and relaxed.  By March 1, of my 
e-mailing of 10,000, I received $58,000 with more coming in every day.

I paid off ALL my debts and bought a much needed new car.  Please take the 
time to read the attached program, IT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE FOREVER!!!  
Remember, it won't work if you don't try it.  This program does work, but you 
must follow it EXACTLY!  Especially the rules of not trying to place your 
name in a different place.  It won't work and you'll lose out on a lot of 
money!  In order for this program to work, you must meet your goal of 20+ 
orders for REPORT #1, and 100+ orders for REPORT #2 and you will make $50,000 
or more in 90 days.  I AM LIVING PROOF THAT IT WORKS!!!

If you chose not to participate in thisa program, I am sorry.  It really is a 
great opportunity with little cost or risk to you.  If you choose to 
participate, follow the program and you will be on your way to financial 
security.  If you are a fellow business owner and are in financial trouble 
like I was, or if you want to start your own business, consider this a sign. 
 I DID!

                Sincerely,

                Johnathon Rourke


A PERSONAL NOTE FROM THE ORIGINATOR OF THE PROGRAM:

By the time you have read the enclosed program and reports, you should have 
concluded that such a program, and one that is legal, could not have been 
created by an amateur.

Let me tell you a little about myself.  I had a profitable business for 10 
years.  Then, in 1979 my business began falling off.  I was doing the same 
things that were previously successful for me, but it wasn't working.  
Finally, I figured it out.  It wasn't me, it was the economy.  Inflation and 
recession had replaced the stable economy that had been with us since 1945.  
I don't have to tell you what happened to the unemployment rate...because 
many of you know from first hand experience.  There were more failures and 
bankruptcies than ever before.  The middle class was vanishing.  Those who 
knew what they were doing invested wisely and moved up.  Those who did not, 
including those who never had anything to save or invest, were moving down 
into the ranks of the poor.   As the saying goes, "THE RICH GET RICHER AND 
THE POOR GET POORER."  The traditional methods of making money will never 
allow you to "move up" or "get rich", inflation will see to that.

You have just received information that can give you financial freedom for 
the rest of your life, with "NO RISK" and "JUST A LITTLE BIT OF EFFORT."  You 
can make more money in the next few months than you ever imagined.  I should 
also point out that I will not see a penny of this money, nor anyone else who 
has provided a testimonial for this program.  I have already made over 4 
MILLION DOLLARS!  I have retired from the program after  sending thousands 
and thousands of programs.  

Follow the program EXACTLY AS INSTRUCTED.  Do not change it in any way.  It 
works exceedingly well as it is now.  Remember to e-mail a copy of this 
exciting report to everyone you can think of.  One of the people you send 
this to may send out 50,000....and your name will be on everyone of them!  
Remember though, the more you send out, the more potential customers you will 
reach.

So my friend, I have given you the ideas, information, materials and 
opportunity to become financially independent.  IT IS UP TO YOU NOW!

               "THINK ABOUT IT"

Before you delete this program from your mailbox, as I almost did, take a 
little time to read it and REALLY THINK ABOUT IT.  Get a pencil and figure 
out what could happen when YOU participate.  Figure out the worst possible 
response and no matter how you calculate it, you will still make a lot of 
money!  You definitely get back what you invested.  Any doubts you have will 
vanish when your first orders come in.  IT WORKS!

                   Jody Jacobs, Richmond, VA

HERE'S HOW THIS AMAZING PROGRAM WILL MAKE YOU THOUSANDS OF DOLLAR$

                   INSTRUCTIONS:

This method of raising capital REALLY WORKS 100% EVERY TIME.  I am sure that 
you could use up to $50,000 or more in the next 90 days.  Before you say 
"BULL----", please read this program carefully.

This is not a chain letter, but a perfectly legal money making opportunity, 
this is what you do:  As with all multi-level businesses, we build our 
business by recruting new partners and selling our products.  Every state in 
the USA allows you to recruit new multi-level business partners, and we offer 
a product for EVERY dollar sent.  YOUR ORDERS COME BY MAIL AND ARE FILLED BY 
E-MAIL, so you are not involved in personal selling.  You do it privately in 
your own home, store or office.  This is the GREATEST Multi-Level Mail Order 
Marketing anywhere.

This is what you MUST do:

1.)  Order all 4 reports shown on the list below (you can't sell them if you 
don't order them).

--For each report, send $5.00 CASH, the NAME AND NUMBER OF THE REPORT YOU ARE 
ORDERING, YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS, and YOUR NAME & RETURN ADDRESS (in case of a 
problem) to the person whose name appears on the list next to the report.  
MAKE SURE YOUR RETURN ADDRESS IS ON YOUR ENVELOPE IN CASE OF ANY E-MAIL 
PROBLEMS!

--When you place your order, make sure you order each of the four reports.  
You will need all four reports so that you can save them on your computer and 
resell them.

--Within a few days you will receive, via e-mail, each of the four reports.  
Save them on your computer so they will be accessible for you to send to the 
1,000's of people who will order them from you.

2.)  IMPORTANT, DO NOT alter the names of the people who are listed next to 
each report, or their sequence on the list, in any way other than is 
instructed below in steps "a" through "f" or you will lose out on the 
majority of your profits.  Once you understand the way this works, you'll 
also see how it doesn't work if you change it.  Remember, this method has 
been tested, and if you alter it, it will not work.

3.)  a.   Look below for the listing of available reports.
       b.   After you've ordered the four reports, take this                 
              advertisment and remove the name and address under             
    REPORT #4.  This person has made it through the                       
cycle and is no doubt counting their $50,000!
       c.   Move the name and address under REPORT #3 down                to 
REPORT#4.
        d.  Move the name and address under REPORT #2 down                to 
REPORT #3.
        e.  Move the name and address under REPORT #1 down                to 
REPORT #2
         f.  Insert your name/address in the REPORT #1 position.

Please make sure you COPY ALL INFORMATION, every name and address, 
ACCURATELY!

4.)  Take this entire letter, including the modified list of names, and save 
it to your computer.  Make NO changes to the instruction portion of this 
letter.

Your cost to participate in this is practically nothing (surely you can 
afford $20).  You obviously already have an internet connection and e-mail is 
FREE!

There are two primary methods of building your downline:

METHOD #1 - PLACING FREE ADS ON THE INTERNET

Advertising on the internet is very, very inexpensive, and there are HUNDREDS 
of FREE places to advertise.  Let's say tou decide to start small just to see 
how well it works.  Assume your goal is to get ONLY 10 people to participate 
on your first level.  (Placing a lot of FREE ads on the internet will EASILY 
get a larger response.)  Also, assume that everyone else in YOUR ORGANIZATION 
gets ONLY 10 downline members.  Follow this example to achieve the STAGGERING 
results below:

1st level--your 10 members with 
$5.........................................$50

2nd level--10 members from those 10 ($5 x 100)...................$500

3rd level--10 members from those 100 ($5 x 1,000)............$5,000

4th level--10 members from those 1,000 ($5 x $10,000)...$50,000

                        THIS TOTALS------------->$55,550

Imagine what would happen if thet got 20 people to participate!  Most people 
get hundreds of participants!  THINK ABOUT IT!  For every $5.00 you receive, 
all you must do is e-mail them the report they ordered.  THAT'S IT!  ALWAYS 
PROVIDE SAME-DAY SERVICE ON ALL ORDERS!  This will guarantee that the e-mail 
THEY send out with YOUR name and address on it will be prompt because they 
can't advertise until they receive the report!

                          AVAILABLE REPORTS
        ***Order each REPORT by NUMBER and NAME***

Notes:
--ALWAYS SEND $5 CASH (U.S. CURRENCY) FOR EACH   REPORT.  CHECKS NOT 
ACCEPTED.
--ALWAYS SEND YOUR ORDER VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL.
--Make sure cash is concealed by wrapping it in at least two   sheets of 
paper.  On one of those sheets of paper, include:
       a.) The number & name of the report you are ordering.
       b.)  Your e-mail address.
       c.)  Your name and address.

PLACE YOUR ORDER FOR THESE REPORTS NOW:

REPORT#1 "The Insider's Guide to Advertising for Free on the Internet"

Order REPORT #1 from:

MF PRODUCTIONS
PO BOX 691915
WEST HOLLYWOOD, CA 90069

REPORT #2 "The Insider's Guide to Sending Bulk E-Mail on the Internet"

Order REPORT #2 from:

MP & ASSOCIATES
319 WEST FAIRMOUNT
STATE COLLEGE, PA 16801

REPORT #3  "The Secrets of Multilevel Marketing on the Internet"

Order REPORT #3 from:

WT ENTERPRISES
3352 WOOLSEY ROAD
WINDSOR, CA 95492

REPORT #4  "How to become a Millionaire utilizing the Power of Multi-level 
Marketing and the Internet"

Order REPORT#4 from:

TOUCHSTONE
PO BOX 914
NEW CASTLE, IN 47362

                                   
           About 50,000 new people get online every month!

                           ****TIPS FOR SUCCESS****
--Send for the four reports IMMEDIATELY so you will have them when the orders 
start coming in because: when you receive a $5 order, you MUST send out the 
requested product/report.

--Always provide same-day service on the orders you receive.

--Above all, have faith in yourself and know you will succeed!

                       ****YOUR SUCCESS GUIDELINES****
               Follow these guidelines to guarentee your success:

If you don't receive 20 orders for REPORT #1 within two weeks, continue 
advertising or sending e-mails until you do.  Then, a couple of weeks later 
you should receive at least 100 orders for REPORT#2.  If you don't, continue 
advertising or sending e-mails until you do.  Once you have received 100 or 
more orders for report #2, YOU CAN RELAX, Because the system is already 
working for you, and the cash will continue to roll in!

THIS IS IMPORTANT TO REMEMBER:
Every time your name is moved down on the list, you are placed in front of a 
DIFFERENT report.  You can KEEP TRACK of your PROGRESS by watching which 
report most people are ordering from you.  If you want to generate more 
income, send anorher batch of e-mails or continue placing ads and start the 
whole process again!  There is no limit to the income you will generate from 
this business!

Before you make your decision as to whether or not you participate in this 
program, please answer on question:  DO YOU WANT TO CHANGE YOUR LIFE?  If the 
answer is yes, please look at the following facts about this program:

1.)  You are selling a product which does not cost you anything to PRODUCE, 
SHIP or ADVERTISE.

2.)  All of your customers pay you in CASH!

3.)  E-mail is, without question the most powerful method of distributing 
information on earth.  This program combines the distribution power of e-mail 
together with the revenue generating power of multi-level marketing.

4.)  Your only expense--other than your initial $20 investment--is your time!

5.)  Virtually all of the income you generate from this program is PURE 
PROFIT!

6.)  This program will change your LIFE FOREVER.

ACT NOW!  Take your first step toward achieving financial independence.  
Order the reports and follow the program outlined above--SUCCESS will be your 
reward.

                       Thank you for your time and consideration.

PLEASE NOTE:  If you need help with starting a small business, registering a 
business name, learning how income tax is handled, etc., contact your local 
office of the Small Business Administration (a Federal Agency) 1-800-827-5722 
for free help and answers to questions.  Also, the Internal Revenue Service 
offers free help via telephone and free seminars about business tax 
requirements.  Your earnings are highly dependant on your activities and 
advertising.  The information contained in this site and in the report 
constitutes no guarantees stated nor implied.  In the event that it is 
determined that this site or report constitutes a guarentee of any kind, that 
guarentee is now void.  The earnings amounts listed on this site and in the 
report are estimates only.  If you have any questions of the legality of this 
program, contact the Office of Associate Director for Marketing Practices, 
Federal Trade Commission, Bureau of Consumer Protection in Washington DC.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
