Return-Path: <neptune2001@mailandnews.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-darklord@em.ca
Received: (qmail 9646 invoked from network); 14 Jun 2001 06:27:13 -0000
Received: from pimout3-ext.prodigy.net (HELO pimout3-int.prodigy.net) (207.115.63.102)
  by em.ca with SMTP; 14 Jun 2001 06:27:13 -0000
Received: from smtp.prodigy.net (ip-20-152-211.chicago-n.navipath.net [64.20.152.211])
	by pimout3-int.prodigy.net (8.11.0/8.11.0) with SMTP id f5E6LpQ54690;
	Thu, 14 Jun 2001 02:21:53 -0400
Received: from chi@erlast.com(alt1.erlast.com(208.9.77.65)) by erlast.com (8.8.5/8.6.5) with SMTP id GAA04511 for <chi@erlast.com>; Thu, 14 Jun 2001 00:21:22 -0600 (EST)
Date: Thu, 14 Jun 01 00:21:22 EST
From: neptune2001@mailandnews.com
To: chi@erlast.com
Subject: Seven month prediction comes true
Message-ID: <199702170025.CHI10434@erlast.com>
Reply-To: neptune2001@mailandnews.com
X-PMFLAGS: 340078128 0
X-UIDL: 2610431056a78aeb1b128fda426c9a5e
Comments: Authenticated sender is <flat@erlast.com>
Content-Length: 26719
Lines: 539


Dear Friend,  6 months ago I mailed this letter to you and 1000's of others.  In it I stated I would not mail it twice because I know how irritating this type of mail is to most people.  The fact is, the downturn in the economy has happened much faster than even I anticipated and predicted in the original letter to you  (you can scroll down about a page (I marked it with a bold $) and re-read it for yourself),  that I felt obligated to offer this opportunity once more and for the last time.
	Thousands of you are already participating from the original offer, but many more of you are not.  I offered fair warning 6 months ago.  It's still not to late.  In fact right now is when the explosion of participants will begin.  Please don't let this final opportunity  pass.

	In order for you to get started quickly I (personaly) will provide you with my contact  for mailing software and millions and millions of e-mail addresses,  many more than you would ever be able to use.

Best wishes,  kb       (the following is a copy of the original letter)


Dear Friend,
As a technical person and a natural skeptic my initial impulse
was to treat the following message as one more piece of overblown, 
overhyped bulk mail whose fate is to be rapidly dispatched to the 
infinite void. Something however made me read on and then print out
a copy of this message. Try it and judge for yourself...
I am not a "spammer", I only send this message once - Please delete it now if such messages are annoying to you.

But I urge you to find 5minutes to review it. You won't be sorry.

Due to the popularity of this letter on the Internet, a major nightly 
news program recently devoted an entire show to the investigation of 
the program described below to see if it really can make people money. 
The show also investigated whether or not the program was legal. Their 
findings proved that there are absolutely no laws prohibiting the 
participation in the program. This has helped to show people that this 
is a simple, harmless and fun way to make some extra money at home. The 
results have been truly remarkable. So many people are participating 
that those involved are doing much better than ever before. Since 
everyone makes more as more people try it out, it's been very exciting. 
You will understand once you try it yourself!


Under Bill s.1618 TITLE III passed by the 105th US Congress this letter 
cannot be considered spam as long as the sender includes contact 
information and a method of removal. This is one time e-mail 
transmission. No request for removal is necessary.




********* THE ENTIRE PLAN IS HERE BELOW *********

EVERYTHING YOU'LL NEED TO GET STARTED IS IN THIS ONE E-MAIL.

*** Print this now or save it to a folder for future reference ***


$$$$$    *  I ONLY SEND THIS MESSAGE ONCE *      $$$$$


$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$


If you would like to make at least $50,000 in less than 90 days! Please 
read this program...THEN READ IT AGAIN!!


THIS IS A LEGITIMATE, LEGAL, MONEY MAKING OPPORTUNITY!! It does NOT 
require you to come into contact with people or make or take any 
telephone calls. Just follow the instructions, and you will make money. 
This simplified e-mail marketing program works perfectly 100% EVERY 
TIME! E-mail is the sales tool of the future. Take advantage of this 
virtually free method of advertising NOW!!! The longer you wait, the 
more people will be doing business using email. Get your piece of this 
action!!!

                                                          $20 = 2 trips to McDonalds for 2 people.


$  NOTE FROM THE ORIGINATOR OF THIS PROGRAM:

I've been deleting messages like this for longer than I can remember. This one got my attention. Read on and judge for yourself. 

Thank goodness you're finally sitting pretty good financially!
 
Good for you ! And congratulations well deserved !
 
Well guess what ... IT WON'T LAST ! It never does !
 
Don't be offended, just hear me out. Everyone my age (39) or older knows that the economy ALWAYS cycles. If you are 30 years old or less you haven't been in the work force long enough to go through a complete "cycle". If you're like most, you are thinking, "WOW ! isn't this great! I've never had it so good !" Ask anyone who has been working for 25 years or more if the economy cycles and see what they say. It's an inevitable fact of a free market system. Nothing can prevent the cycle from happening. Alan Greenspan and the Federal Reserve have, however, made the transitions a little easier to take.
 
Here is a very simplified explanation of why THE CYCLE MUST HAPPEN. 

If you already understand how the "market" economy works you can skip my brief summary by scrolling down to the word "SECURITY". For those of you who are unsure, it will put your present success into perspective. 

You can start your analysis at the top or bottom of the cycle, it makes no difference since each will inevitably reverse (hence the term "CYCLE"). 
For this example I'll start at the beginning of the UPWARD cycle. At this point, the people who have jobs have been holding on to their money and cutting corners for years. They are finally starting to get to the point of having a little extra. This translates into SPENDING. Now the spending helps the business community as sales start to increase. The increase in sales (this relates to ANY business, whether we're talking about selling products or services) results in an increase in work load which results in an increase in employees. This in turn puts more people to work, which in turn creates more consumers, which in turn creates more sales for the businesses, which creates a bigger work load and ... ...... get the picture ?
 
The problem, if you want to call it that, is that the work force can only grow to the extent you have people to hire. At this point we are rapidly approaching the top of the CYCLE. 

The businesses now, which are growing at a phenomenal rate and making lots of money are now confronted with a labor shortage. Everyone has a job, the unemployment is very very low. In order to keep the business going, employers are FORCED to increase the pay to their present employees to ensure their loyalty, or they offer inflated wages and benefits to prospective employees to lure them away from the job they presently have. Now this is great for the employees, they pretty much write their own ticket so to speak.
 
RIGHT HERE IS THE UPPERMOST TOP OF THE CYCLE. .....
This is where we start going down .......... 

In order for the business to pay the increased payroll, it MUST increase prices. Now the consumers don't mind at FIRST because they are all making more money than ever, but the businesses are having to make their wage and benefit packages more and more attractive to lure in the now DESPERATELY needed employees. Soon all the well to do consumers will either have purchased their fill of "stuff" or get fed up with the unreasonably high cost of "stuff" and begin to reduce their "consuming". 

THIS IS THE POINT WE ARE AT TODAY ! 

The businesses begin to feel the pinch of the reduced spending of the consumer and the inflated wages they are forced to pay their employees. The profits begin to diminish and turn into losses. It's now time to reduce or minimize those losses. Since production is forced down due to less consumers buying their "stuff" they can no longer afford to pay those inflated wages, ...... so guess what? 
The loyal well paid employee gets LAID OFF or at best their wages and benefits are reduced. Most of these employees are completely blindsided by this because they either are ignorant of how the economy works or simply not paying attention. 
Now when this happens, it happens on a wide scale. ALL businesses are dependent on other businesses. After all, those businesses are consumers too. The same thing that happened to the guy who just got laid off also happens to the contractor that did work for that business. Now the unemployment rate starts to increase which translates into lots of people looking for jobs. This is the ugly side of "supply and demand". The businesses take advantage of the plentiful work force by offering substantially less in the form of wages and benefits. As a result the consumers begin saving and pinching pennies ..................... 

..........the CYCLE begins again.


 
@@@@@@@@@@@@                  SECURITY                @@@@@@@@@@@




$$$$$          *  NOW IT IS UP TO YOU TO DO IT!  *          $$$$$

                                                       
How do you avoid getting hit by a falling piano ? .......... You see it coming and move. 

........Simple right ? 

How do you catch a falling bag of money ? ........... You see it coming and move. 

How did everyone who is prosperous really do it ? .......... They saw it coming and moved. 

The most important thing to remember is that you MUST BE LOOKING and when you see it coming YOU MUST MOVE. You can be prepared for this inevitable down turn in the economy. This is not a pipe dream. It's merely a way for you to prosper through the "cycle". Times are good right now, there's no denying that. But it's also true that the best time to prepare for a crisis is NOT in the middle of one. As sure as the sun will come up in the morning, soon there will be a growing number of people ( maybe you, maybe not) out of work LOOKING for some way to make money.

....... the question is, do you see it coming ?

                                                       $20 = 1 trip to movies for 2, popcorn no coke.

A couple testimonials:


Hello - 
My name is Johnathon Rourke; 

In mid December (1999), I received this program in my e-mail. Six months prior 
to receiving this program I had been sending away for information on 
various business opportunities. All of the programs I received, in my 
opinion, were not cost effective. They were either too difficult for me 
to comprehend, or the initial investment was too much for me to risk to 
see if they would work.

But as I was saying, in December I received this program. I 
didn't send for it, or ask for it, they just got my name off a mailing 
list. THANK GOODNESS FOR THAT!!! After reading it several times, to 
make sure I was reading it correctly, I couldn't believe my eyes! Here 
was a MONEY MAKING MACHINE I could start immediately without any debt.

Like most of you I was still a little skeptical and a little worried 
about the legal aspects of it all. So I checked it out with the U.S. 
Post Office (1-800-725-2161 24-hrs) and they confirmed that it is 
indeed legal! After determining that the program was LEGAL I decided 
"WHY NOT"?!?!

Initially I sent out 10,000 e-mails. It cost me about $15 for my time 
on-line. The great thing about e-mail is that I don't need any for 
printing to send out the program, and because I also send the product 
(reports) by e-mail, my only expense is my time.


In less than one week, I was starting to receive orders for REPORT #1. 
By January 13, I had received 26 orders for REPORT #1. Your goal is to 
"RECEIVE at least 20 ORDERS FOR REPORT #1 WITHIN 2 WEEKS. IF YOU DON'T, 
SEND OUT MORE PROGRAMS UNTIL YOU DO.

My first step in making $50,000 in 90 days was done. By January 30, I 
had received 196 orders for REPORT #2. Your goal is to "RECEIVE AT 
LEAST 100+ ORDERS FOR REPORT #2 WITHIN 2 WEEKS. IF NOT, SEND OUT MORE 
PROGRAMS UNTIL YOU DO. ONCE YOU HAVE 100 ORDERS, THE REST IS EASY, 
RELAX, YOU WILL MAKE YOUR $50,000 GOAL."

Well, I had 196 orders for REPORT #2. 96 more than I needed. So I sat 
back and relaxed. By March 1, of my e-mailing of 10,000, I received 
$58,000 with more coming in every day. I paid off ALL my debts and 
bought a much-needed new car!

Please take your time to read this plan, IT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE 
FOREVER$!!! Remember, it won't work if you don't try it. This program 
does work, but you must follow it EXACTLY, especially the rules of not 
trying to place your name in a different place. It won't work and 
you'll lose out on a lot of money! In order for this program to work, 
you must meet your goal of 20+ orders for REPORT #1, and 100+ orders 
for REPORT #2 and you will make $50,000 or more in 90 days.

I AM LIVING PROOF THAT IT WORKS!!! If you choose not to participate in 
this program, I am sorry. It really is a great opportunity with little 
cost or risk to you. If you choose to participate, follow the program 
and you will be on your way to financial security. If you are a fellow 
business owner and are in financial trouble like I was, or you want to 
start your own business, consider this a sign. I DID! $$

Follow the program EXACTLY AS INSTRUCTED. Do not change it in any way. It works exceedingly well as it is now. Remember to e-mail a copy of 
this exciting report to everyone you can think of. One of the people 
you send this to may send out 50,000... and your name will be on every 
one of them! Remember though, the more you send out, the more potential 
customers you will reach. So my friend, I have given you the ideas, 
information, materials and opportunity to become financially 
independent.

Sincerely,
Johnathon Rourke
Rhode Island
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                                                                    $20 =  1/2 of a round of golf.


Before you delete this program from your in-box, as I almost did, take 
a little time to read it and REALLY THINK ABOUT IT. Get a pencil and 
figure out what could happen when YOU participate. Figure out the worst 
possible response and no matter how you calculate it, you will still 
make a lot of money! You will definitely get back what you invested. 
Any doubts you have will vanish when your first orders come in.

$$$ IT WORKS!!! $$$

Jody Jacobs Richmond, VA

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

HERE'S HOW THIS AMAZING PROGRAM WILL MAKE YOU THOUSANDS OF 
DOLLAR$$$$!!!!

This method of raising capital REALLY WORKS 100% EVERY TIME. I am sure 
that you could use up to $50,000 or more in the next 90 days. Before 
you say, "BULL... " please read this program carefully. This is not a 
chain letter, but a perfectly legal money making business.

As with all multi-level businesses, we build our business by recruiting 
new partners and selling our products. Every state in the USA allows 
you to recruit new multi-level business partners, and we sell and 
deliver a product for EVERY dollar received. YOUR ORDERS COME BY MAIL 
AND ARE FILLED BY E-MAIL, so you are not involved in personal selling. 
You do it privately in your own home, store or office. This is the 
EASIEST marketing plan anywhere! It is simply order filling by email!

*******************************************************************

The product is informational and instructional material containing the 
secrets on how to open the doors to the magic world of E-COMMERCE , the 
information highway, the wave of the future!

PLAN SUMMARY:
(1) You order the 4 reports listed below ($5 each) which come to you by 
email.

(2) Save a copy of this entire letter and put your name after Report #1 
and move the other names down.

(3) Access Yahoo.com or any of the other major search engines to locate 
hundreds of bulk email service companies (search for "bulk email") and 
have them send 1 million+ email addresses to you (about $49+)

(4) Orders will come to you by postal mail - simply email them the 
report they ordered.

Let me ask you - isn't this about as easy as it gets?

*******************************************************************

By the way there are over 50 MILLION email addresses with millions more 
joining the internet each year so don't worry about "running out" or 
"saturation". People are used to seeing and hearing the same 
advertisements every day on radio/TV. How many times have you received 
the same pizza flyers on your door? Then one day you are hungry for 
pizza and you order one. Same thing with this letter. I received this 
letter many times - then one day I decided it was time to try it.

*******************************************************************
                                                                     $20 = 1 lg. Combination pizza & wings.

YOU CAN START TODAY - JUST DO THESE EASY STEPS:

STEP #1: ORDER THE FOUR REPORTS

Order the four reports shown on the list below (you can't sell them if 
you don't order them). -- For each report, send $5.00 CASH, the NAME & 
NUMBER OF THE REPORT YOU ARE ORDERING, YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS, and YOUR 
NAME & RETURN ADDRESS (in case of a problem) to the person whose name 
appears on the list next to the report. MAKE SURE YOUR RETURN ADDRESS 
IS ON YOUR ENVELOPE IN CASE OF ANY MAIL PROBLEMS!

Within a few days you will receive, by e-mail, each of the four 
reports. Save them on your computer so you can send them to the 1,000's 
of people who will order them from you.

STEP #2: ADD YOUR MAILING ADDRESS TO THIS LETTER
a. Look below for the listing of the four reports.

b. After you've ordered the four reports, delete the name and address 
under REPORT #4. This person has made it through the cycle. 

c. Move the name and address under REPORT #3 down to REPORT #4.

d. Move the name and address under REPORT #2 down to REPORT #3.

e. Move the name and address under REPORT #1 down to REPORT #2.

f. Insert your name/address in the REPORT #1 position.

Please make sure you COPY ALL INFORMATION, every name and address, 
ACCURATELY!

STEP #3: Take this entire letter, including the modified list of names, 
and save it to your computer. Make NO changes to these instructions. 
Now you are ready to use this entire email to send by email to 
prospects.

Report #1 will tell you how to download bulk email software and email 
addresses so you can send it out to thousands of people while you 
sleep! Remember that 50,000+ new people are joining the Internet every 
month. Your cost to participate in this is practically nothing (surely 
you can afford $20 and initial bulk mailing cost). You obviously 
already have a computer and an Internet connection and e-mail is FREE!

There are two primary methods of building your down-line:

METHOD #1: SENDING BULK E-MAIL Let's say that you decide to start 
small, just to see how it goes, and we'll assume you and all those 
involved email out only 2,000 programs each. Let's also assume that the 
mailing receives a 0.5% response. The response could be much better. 
Also, many people will email out hundreds of thousands of programs 
instead of 2,000 (Why stop at 2000?). But continuing with this example, 
you send out only 2,000 programs. With a 0.5% response, that is only 10 
orders for REPORT #1. Those 10 people respond by sending out 2,000 
programs each for a total of 20,000. Out of those 0.5%, 100 people 
respond and order REPORT #2. Those 100 mail out 2,000 programs each for 
a total of 200,000. The 0.5% response to that is 1,000 orders for 
REPORT #3. Those 1,000 send out 2,000 programs each for a 2,000,000 
total. The 0.5% response to that is 10,000 orders for REPORT #4. That's 
10,000 $5 bills for you. CASH!!!

Your total income in this example is $50 + $500 + $5,000 + $50,000 for 
a total of $55,550!!!

REMEMBER FRIEND, THIS IS ASSUMING 1,990 OUT OF THE 2,000 PEOPLE YOU 
MAIL TO WILL DO ABSOLUTELY NOTHING AND TRASH THIS PROGRAM! DARE TO 
THINK FOR A MOMENT WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF EVERYONE, OR HALF SENT OUT 
100,000 PROGRAMS INSTEAD OF 2,000. Believe me, many people will do just 
that, and more!

METHOD #2 - PLACING FREE ADS ON THE INTERNET

Advertising on the Internet is very, very inexpensive, and there are 
HUNDREDS of FREE places to advertise. Let's say you decide to start 
small just to see how well it works. Assume your goal is to get ONLY 10 
people to participate on your first level. (Placing a lot of FREE ads 
on the Internet will EASILY get a larger response.) Also assume that 
everyone else in YOUR ORGANIZATION gets ONLY 10 down-line members. Look 
how this small number accumulates to achieve the STAGGERING results 
below:

1st level--your first 10 send you $5................................$50

2nd level--10 members from those 10 ($5 x 100).............$500

3rd level--10 members from those 100 ($5 x 1,000)........$5,000

4th level--10 members from those 1,000 ($5 x 10,000)..$50,000

$$$$$$ THIS TOTALS ----------$55,550 $$$$$$

AMAZING ISN'T IT? Remember friends, this assumes that the people who 
participate only recruit 10 people each. Think for a moment what would 
happen if they got 20 people to participate! Most people get 100's of 
participants and many will continue to work this program, sending out 
programs WITH YOUR NAME ON THEM for years! THINK ABOUT IT!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                                                                              $20 = 1/2 a months cellular phone bill.

People are going to get emails about this plan from you or somebody 
else and many will work this plan - the question is - Don't you want 
your name to be on the emails they will send out?

* * * DON'T MISS OUT!!! * * * JUST TRY IT ONCE!!! * * *

* * SEE WHAT HAPPENS!!! *** YOU'LL BE AMAZED!!!* *

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

ALWAYS PROVIDE SAME-DAY SERVICE ON ALL ORDERS!

This will guarantee that the e-mail THEY send out with YOUR name and 
address on it will be prompt because they can't advertise until they 
receive the report!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

GET STARTED TODAY: PLACE YOUR ORDER FOR THE FOUR REPORTS NOW.

Notes: -- ALWAYS SEND $5 CASH (U.S. CURRENCY) FOR EACH REPORT. CHECKS 
NOT ACCEPTED. Make sure the cash is concealed by wrapping it in two 
sheets of paper. On one of those sheets of paper write: (a) the number 
& name of the report you are ordering, (b) your e-mail address, and (c) 
your name & postal address.

REPORT #1 "The Insider's Guide to Advertising for Free on the 
Internet"

ORDER REPORT #1 FROM:

C.d.W
 
P.O. BOX 286266

CHICAGO,  IL    60628-2862


REPORT #2 "The Insider's Guide to Sending Bulk E-mail on the Internet"

ORDER REPORT #2 FROM: 

K. B.

P.O. BOX  93

LITCHFIELD PARK,  AZ.    85340-0093


REPORT #3 "The Secrets to Multilevel Marketing on the Internet"

ORDER REPORT #3 FROM:

THE CLEANIST

P.O. BOX 41318

MESA, AZ.     85274   


REPORT #4 "How to become a Millionaire utilizing the Power of 
Multilevel   Marketing and the Internet"
 
ORDER REPORT #4 FROM:

M.V. Printing

11917 E. HARVARD AVE. #202

AURORA, CO.   80014


                                        $20 =... is it worth it ?  You decide.


******* TIPS FOR SUCCESS *******

TREAT THIS AS YOUR BUSINESS! Be prompt, professional, and follow the 
directions accurately. -- Send for the four reports IMMEDIATELY so you 
will have them when the orders start coming in because: When you 
receive a $5 order, you MUST send out the requested product/report. It 
is required for this to be a legal business and they need the reports 
to send out their letters (with your name on them!) -- ALWAYS PROVIDE 
SAME-DAY SERVICE ON THE ORDERS YOU RECEIVE. -- Be patient and 
persistent with this program - If you follow the instructions exactly - 
results WILL follow. $$$$

******* YOUR SUCCESS GUIDELINES *******

Follow these guidelines to guarantee your success: If you don't receive 
20 orders for REPORT #1 within two weeks, continue advertising or 
sending e-mails until you do. Then, a couple of weeks later you should 
receive at least 100 orders for REPORT#2. If you don't, continue 
advertising or sending e-mails until you do. Once you have received 100 
or more orders for REPORT #2, YOU CAN RELAX, because the system is 
already working for you, and the cash will continue to roll in! THIS 
IS IMPORTANT TO REMEMBER: Every time your name is moved down on the 
list, you are placed in front of a DIFFERENT report. You can KEEP TRACK 
of your PROGRESS by watching which report people are ordering from you. 
To generate more income, simply send another batch of e-mails or 
continue placing ads and start the whole process again! There is no 
limit to the income you will generate from this business! 

Before you make your decision as to whether or not you participate in 
this program. Please answer one question.

ARE YOU HAPPY WITH YOUR PRESENT INCOME OR JOB?

If the answer is no, then please look at the following facts about this 
super simple MLM program:

1. NO face to face selling, NO meetings, NO inventory! NO Telephone 
calls, NO big cost to start! Nothing to learn, NO skills needed! 
(Surely you know how to send e-mail?)

2. No equipment to buy - you already have a computer and Internet 
connection - so you have everything you need to fill orders!

3. You are selling a product that does NOT COST ANYTHING TO PRODUCE OR 
SHIP! (E-mailing copies of the reports is FREE!)

4. All of your customers pay you in CA$H!

This program will change your LIFE FOREVER!! Look at the potential for 
you to be able to quit your job and live a life of luxury you could 
only dream about! Imagine getting out of debt and buying the car and 
home of your dreams and being able to work a super-high paying 
leisurely easy business from home!

$$$ FINALLY MAKE SOME DREAMS COME TRUE! $$$

ACT NOW! Take your first step toward achieving financial independence. 
Order the reports and follow the program outlined above-- SUCCESS will 
be your reward. Thank you for your time and consideration.

PLEASE NOTE: If you need help with starting a business, registering a 
business name, learning how income tax is handled, etc., contact your 
local office of the Small Business Administration (a Federal Agency) 1-
800-827-5722 for free help and answers to questions. Also, the Internal 
Revenue Service offers free help via telephone and free seminars about 
business tax requirements. Your earnings are highly dependent on your 
activities and advertising. The information contained on this site and 
in the report constitutes no guarantees neither stated nor implied. In 
the event that it is determined that this site or report constitutes a 
guarantee of any kind, that guarantee is now void. The earnings amounts 
listed on this site and in the report are estimates only. If you have 
any questions of the legality of this program, contact the Office of 
Associate Director for Marketing Practices, Federal Trade Commission, 
Bureau of Consumer Protection in Washington, DC.

================================================

Under Bill s.1618 TITLE III passed by the 105th US Congress this letter 
cannot be considered spam as long as the sender includes contact 
information and a method of removal. This is a one time e-mail 
transmission. No request for removal is necessary.











 

