Return-Path: <candemz@email.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bruceg@em.ca
Received: (qmail 20806 invoked from network); 11 Jul 2001 06:46:25 -0000
Received: from adsl-64-219-253-97.dsl.rcsntx.swbell.net (HELO hostname) (64.219.253.97)
  by em.ca with SMTP; 11 Jul 2001 06:46:25 -0000
From: "C. Munoz" <candemz@email.com>
To: <bruceg@em.ca>
Subject: ///Make  $25 turn into $500,000 within 5 to 6 months! \\\
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/html; charset="iso-8859-1"
Date: Wed, 11 Jul 2001 01:36:20
Content-Length: 21380

<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=windows-
1252">
<title>New Page 1</title>
<meta name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 4.0">
<meta name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
<meta name="Microsoft Theme" content="none, default">
<meta name="Microsoft Border" content="none, default">
</head>
<body>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: -20px" align="center">&nbsp;</p>
<div align="center">
  <center>
  <table cellSpacing="0" cellPadding="10" width="632" border="0">
    <tbody>
      <tr>
        <td style="BORDER-RIGHT: #ffcc00 3px outset; BORDER-TOP: #ffcc00 
3px outset; BORDER-LEFT: #ffcc00 3px outset; BORDER-BOTTOM: #ffcc00 3px 
outset" width="573" bgColor="#ffffff"><font face="Arial" 
size="3"><b><span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #000000"><font 
color="#ffff00">DEAR
          FRIENDS AND FUTURE MILLIONAIRES:</font></span><br>
          </b><font color="#ff0000"><b>AS SEEN ON NATIONAL 
TV:&nbsp;</b><br>
          </font><br>
          &quot;Making over a half million dollars every 4 to 5 months 
from your
          home for an<br>
          investment of only $25 US Dollars expense one time.&nbsp;<br>
          <br>
          <b><span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #000000"><font 
color="#ffff00">THANKS
          TO THE COMPUTER AGE AND THE 
INTERNET!</font></span></b>&nbsp;<br>
          <b><span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff"><font face="Arial" 
color="#ff0000" size="3">BE
          A MILLIONAIRE LIKE OTHERS WITHIN A 
YEAR!!!&nbsp;</font></span></b><br>
          Before you say &quot;Bull&quot;, please read the following. 
This is
          the letter you have<br>
          been hearing about on the news lately. Due to the popularity of 
this
          letter on<br>
          the Internet, a national weekly news program recently devoted 
an
          entire show to the investigation of this program described 
below, to
          see if it really<br>
          can make people money. The show also investigated whether or 
not the<br>
          program was legal.&nbsp;<br>
          <br>
          Their findings proved once and for all that there are 
&quot;absolutely
          NO laws<br>
          prohibiting the participation in the program and if people can 
follow
          the<br>
          simple instructions, they are bound to make some mega bucks 
with only&nbsp;<br>
          $25 out of pocket cost&quot;.&nbsp;<br>
          <br>
          <b><span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #000000"><font 
color="#ffff00">DUE
          TO THE RECENT INCREASE OF POPULARITY &amp; 
RESPECT</font></span><br>
          <font color="#ff0000">THIS PROGRAM HAS ATTAINED, IT IS 
CURRENTLY
          WORKING<br>
          BETTER THAN EVER.</font> </b>This is what one had to say: 
&quot;Thanks
          to this<br>
          profitable opportunity. I was approached many times before but 
each
          time<br>
          I passed on it. I am so glad I finally joined just to see what 
one
          could&nbsp;<br>
          expect in return for the minimal effort and money required. To 
my<br>
          astonishment, I received a total $610,470.00 in 21 weeks, with 
money<br>
          still coming in.&quot; Pam Headland, Fort Lee, New 
Jersey.&nbsp;<br>
          <br>
          <span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #000000"><font face="Arial" 
color="#ffff00" size="3"><b>DOWNLOAD
          NOW FOR YOUR FUTURE REFERENCE!</b></font></span><br>
          <br>
          <font face="Arial" color="#ff0000" 
size="3">$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$</fon
t><b>&nbsp;</b><br>
          If you would like to make at least $500,000 every 4 to 5 months 
easily
          and&nbsp;<br>
          comfortably, please read the following, THEN READ IT AGAIN!<br>
          <font face="Arial" color="#ff0000" 
size="3">$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$&nbsp
;</font><font color="#006600"><br>
          </font><br>
          FOLLOW THE SIMPLE INSTRUCTIONS BELOW AND YOUR FINANCIAL<br>
          DREAMS WILL COME TRUE, GUARANTEED! INSTRUCTIONS:&nbsp;<br>
          <br>
          <font color="#ff0000">$$$$$$$$$$<b>&nbsp;</b></font><b><font 
color="#ffff00"><span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #000000">&nbsp;&nbsp;
          Order all 5 reports shown on the list 
below&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></font></b><font color="#ff0000">
          $$$$$$$$$</font><br>
          <br>
          For each report, send $5 CASH,&nbsp;<br>
          THE NAME &amp; NUMBER OF THE REPORT YOU ARE ORDERING AND<br>
          YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS to the person whose name appears ON 
THAT&nbsp;
          LIST next to the report. MAKE SURE YOUR RETURN ADDRESS IS<br>
          ON YOUR ENVELOPE TOP LEFT CORNER in case of any mail 
problems.<br>
          When you place your order, make sure you order each of the 5 
reports.<br>
          You will need all 5 reports so that you can save them on your 
computer
          and<br>
          resell them. YOUR TOTAL COST... $ 5 X 5 = $ 25.00. Within a few 
days<br>
          you will receive, vie e-mail, each of the 5 reports from these 
5
          different<br>
          individuals. Save them on your computer so they will be 
accessible for
          you<br>
          to send to the 1,000's of people who will order them from you. 
Also
          make a<br>
          floppy of these reports and keep it on your desk in case 
something<br>
          happens to your computer.&nbsp;<br>
          <br>
          <br>
          <span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #000000"><font 
color="#ffff00">I<b>MPORTANT:
          DO NOT</b></font></span> alter the names of the people who are 
listed
          next<br>
          to each report, or their sequence on the list, in any way other 
than
          what is<br>
          instructed below in each step &quot;1 through 6&quot; or you 
will lose
          out on majority<br>
          of your profits. Once you understand the way this works, you 
will also
          see<br>
          how it does not work if you change it. Remember, this method 
has been<br>
          tested, and if you alter, it will NOT work!! People have tried 
to put
          their&nbsp;<br>
          friends/relatives names on all five thinking they could get all 
the
          money.<br>
          But it does not work this way. Believe us, we all have tried to 
be
          greedy&nbsp;<br>
          and then nothing happened. So <b><font color="#ff0000">DO NOT 
try to
          change anything</font> </b>other<br>
          than what is instructed, because if you do, it will not work 
for you.<br>
          Remember, honesty reaps the reward!!!&nbsp;<br>
          <br>
          <br>
          1. After you have ordered all 5 reports, take this 
advertisement and<br>
          REMOVE the name &amp; address of the person in REPORT # 5. This 
person<br>
          has made it through the cycle and is no doubt counting their 
fortune.<br>
          <br>
          2. Move the name &amp; address in REPORT # 4 down to report # 
5.&nbsp;<br>
          3. Move the name &amp; address in REPORT # 3 down to report # 
4.&nbsp;<br>
          4. Move the name &amp; address in REPORT # 2 down to report # 
3.&nbsp;<br>
          5. Move the name &amp; address in REPORT # 1 down to report # 
2.&nbsp;<br>
          6. Insert YOUR name &amp; address in the REPORT # 1 
Position.&nbsp;<br>
          <br>
          <b><span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #000000"><font 
color="#ffff00">PLEASE
          MAKE SURE you copy every name &amp; address 
ACCURATELY!</font></span>&nbsp;</b><br>
          <font face="Arial" color="#006600" 
size="3"><b>==========================================================</b
></font><br>
          <br>
          Take this entire letter, with the modified list of names, and 
save it
          on your<br>
          computer. <b><font face="Arial" color="#ff0000" size="3">DO NOT 
MAKE
          ANY OTHER CHANGES.</font></b> Save this on a disk<br>
          as well just in case if you lose any data. To assist you with
          marketing your<br>
          business on the internet, the 5 reports you purchase will 
provide you
          with<br>
          invaluable marketing information which includes how to send 
bulk
          e-mails<br>
          legally, where to find thousands of free classified ads and 
much more.<br>
          There are 2 Primary methods to get this venture 
going:&nbsp;<br>
          <br>
          <span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #000000"><font face="Arial" 
color="#ffff00" size="3"><b>METHOD
          #1: BY SENDING BULK E-MAIL LEGALLY&nbsp;</b></font></span><br>
          ==========================================================<br>
          Let's say that you decide to start small, just to see how it 
goes, and
          we will<br>
          assume you and those involved send out only 5,000 e-mails each. 
Let's<br>
          also assume that the mailing receive only a 0.2% response (the
          response<br>
          could be much better but lets just say it is only 0.2%. Also, 
many
          people<br>
          will send out hundreds of thousands of e-mails instead of only 
5,000
          each).&nbsp;<br>
          <br>
          Continuing with this example, you send out only 5,000 e-mails. 
With a
          0.2%<br>
          response, that is only 10 orders for report # 1. Those 10 
people<br>
          responded by sending out 5,000 e-mails each for a total of 
50,000. Out
          of<br>
          those 50,000 e-mails, only 0.2% responded with orders. That's 
100
          people<br>
          responding to and ordering Report # 2.&nbsp;<br>
          <br>
          Those 100 people mail out 5,000 e-mails each for a total of 
500,000
          e-mails.&nbsp;<br>
          The 0.2% response to that is 1000 orders for Report # 
3.&nbsp;<br>
          Those 1000 people send out 5,000 e-mails each for a total of 5 
million
          e-mails.&nbsp;<br>
          The 0.2% response to that is 10,000 orders for Report # 
4.&nbsp;<br>
          Those 10,000 people send out 5,000 e-mails each for a total of
          50,000,000<br>
          (50 million) e-mails. The 0.2% response to that is 100,000 
orders for
          Report<br>
          # 5. THAT'S 100,000 ORDERS TIMES $ 5 EACH = $ 500,000.00<br>
          (half million). Your total income in this example is:<br>
          1...$ 50 + 2...$ 500 + 3...$ 5,000 4... $ 50,000 + 5... $ 
500,000...&nbsp;<br>
          GRAND TOTAL = $ 555,550.00<br>
          <br>
          <span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #000000"><font face="Arial" 
color="#ffff00" size="3"><b>NUMBERS
          DO NOT LIE. GET A PENCIL &amp; PAPER</b></font></span> AND 
FIGURE OUT<br>
          THE WORST POSSIBLE RESPONSES AND NO MATTER HOW YOU<br>
          CALCULATE IT, YOU WILL STILL MAKE A LOT OF MONEY!&nbsp;<br>
          ==========================================================<br>
          <font face="Arial" color="#ff0000" size="3"><b>REMEMBER FRIEND, 
THIS
          IS ASSUMING ONLY 10 PEOPLE<br>
          ORDERING OUT OF 5,000 YOU MAILED TO</b></font>. Dare to think 
for a
          moment<br>
          what would happen if everyone or half or even one 4th of those 
people<br>
          mailed 100,000 e-mails each or more? There are over 150 million 
people<br>
          on the Internet worldwide and counting. Believe me, many people 
will
          do<br>
          just that, and more!&nbsp;<br>
          <br>
          <b><span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #000000"><font 
color="#ffff00">METHOD
          # 2: BY PLACING FREE ADS ON THE 
INTERNET</font></span>&nbsp;</b><br>
          ==========================================================<br>
          Advertising on the net is very, very inexpensive and there are
          hundreds of<br>
          FREE places to advertise. Placing a lot of free ads on the 
Internet
          will<br>
          easily get a larger response.&nbsp;<br>
          <br>
          We strongly suggest you start with Method # 1 and add METHOD # 
2<br>
          as you go along.&nbsp;<br>
          <br>
          For every $ 5 you receive, all you must do is e-mail them the 
Report
          they<br>
          ordered. That's it. Always provide same day service on all 
orders.
          This will<br>
          guarantee that the e-mail they send out, with your name and 
address on
          it,<br>
          will be prompt because they can not advertise until they 
receive the
          report.&nbsp;<br>
          <br>
          <font color="#ff0000">$$$$$$$$$$$$$<b>&nbsp;</b></font><b><font 
color="#ffff00"><span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #000000">&nbsp;
          AVAILABLE REPORTS&nbsp; </span></font></b><font face="Arial" 
color="#ff0000" size="3">$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$</font><br>
          ORDER EACH REPORT BY ITS NUMBER &amp; NAME ONLY. Notes:<br>
          Always send $ 5 cash (US CURRENCY) for each report. Checks 
NOT<br>
          accepted. Make sure the cash is concealed by wrapping it 
in&nbsp;<br>
          <span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff">AT LEAST 2 SHEETS OF 
PAPER</span>.
          On one of those sheets of paper,<br>
          <span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff">TYPE OR PRINT the 
NUMBER &amp;
          NAME</span> of the Report you are ordering,&nbsp;<br>
          <span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff">YOUR E-MAIL 
ADDRESS</span> and
          your name and postal address. Remember,<br>
          if your e-mail address is illegible, you won't receive your 
reports!<br>
          <br>
          <span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #000000"><font face="Arial" 
color="#ffff00" size="3"><b>PLACE
          YOUR ORDER FOR THESE REPORTS NOW:&nbsp;</b></font></span><br>
          <br>
          <font color="#ff0000"><b>Report #1:</b></font> <font 
color="#000000"><b>&quot;<u>The
          Insider's Guide To Advertising For Free On The 
Net</u>&quot;&nbsp;</b></font><br>
          <br>
          <span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff"><font 
color="#ff0000"><b>Order
          Report #1 from:</b>&nbsp;</font></span><br>
          <font color="#0000FF">
          <b>C. Munoz</b></font></font><font face="Arial" 
size="3"><b><br>
          2208 Belton Dr.<br>
          Arlington, TX 76018</b><br>
          <b>USA</b></font>
          <p><font face="Arial" size="3"><font color="#ff0000"><b>Report 
#2:</b></font>
          <b>&quot;<u>The Insider's Guide To Sending Bulk E-Mail On The 
Net</u>&quot;&nbsp;<span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff"><font 
color="#ff0000">
          </font></span></b></font></p>
          <p><font face="Arial" size="3"><span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: 
#ffffff"><font color="#ff0000"><b>Order
          Report #2 from:</b>&nbsp;</font></span><br>
          <font color="#0000FF">
          <b>Stephen E. Fisher<br>
          2939 Alta View Box# O-
155&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbs
p;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br>
          San Diego, CA 92139</b><br>
          <b>USA</b></font><br>
          <br>
          <font color="#ff0000"><b>Report #3:</b></font> <b>&quot;<u>The 
Secret
          To Multilevel Marketing On The Net</u>&quot;&nbsp;</b><br>
          <br>
          <span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff"><font 
color="#ff0000"><b>Order
          Report #3 from:</b>&nbsp;</font></span><br>
          </font><font face="Arial" size="3" color="#0000FF"><b>R. J. P. 
J. Dupre<br>
          P.O. Box 314<br>
          Stafford Springs, CT 06076<br>
          USA</b></font></p>
          <p><font face="Arial" size="3"><font color="#ff0000"><b>Report 
#4:</b></font>
          <b>&quot;<u>How To Become A Millionaire Utilizing MLM &amp; The 
Net</u>&quot;&nbsp;</b><br>
          <br>
          <span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff"><font 
color="#ff0000"><b>Order
          Report #4 from:</b>&nbsp;</font></span><br>
          <b><font color="#0000FF">A. Sommers<br>
          P.O. Box 503<br>
          Willington, CT 06279<br>
          USA</font></b><br>
          <br>
          <font color="#ff0000"><b>Report #5:</b></font><b> &quot;<u>How 
To Send
          1 Million E-Mails For Free</u>&quot;&nbsp;</b><br>
          <br>
          <span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff"><font 
color="#ff0000"><b>Order
          Report #5 from</b>:&nbsp;</font></span><b><font face="Arial" 
color="#ff0000" size="3"><br>
          </font></b><b><font color="#0000FF">P. Bruce<br>
          P.O. Box 123<br>
          Monson, MA 01057<br>
          USA</font></b><br>
          <br>
          <font color="#ff0000">$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$</font><span 
style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #000000"><font face="Arial" color="#ffff00" 
size="3"><b>&nbsp;
          YOUR SUCCESS GUIDE&nbsp; </b></font></span><font 
color="#ff0000">$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$</font><br>
          Follow these guidelines to guarantee your success:&nbsp;<br>
          If you do not receive at least 10 orders for Report # 1 within 
2
          weeks,<br>
          continue sending e-mails until you do. After you have received 
10
          orders,<br>
          2 to 3 weeks after that you should receive 100 orders or more 
for<br>
          Report # 2. If you did not, continue advertising or sending e-
mails
          until<br>
          you do.&nbsp;<br>
          <br>
          Once you have received 100 or more orders for Report # 2, YOU 
CAN<br>
          RELAX, because the system is already working for you, and the 
cash
          will<br>
          continue to roll in!<br>
          <br>
          <b><span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #000000"><font 
color="#ffff00">THIS
          IS IMPORTANT TO REMEMBER:</font></span> </b>Every time your 
name is
          moved<br>
          down on the list, you are placed in front of a different 
report.<br>
          <br>
          <b><span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #000000"><font 
color="#ffff00">You
          can KEEP TRACK of your PROGRESS</font></span> </b>by watching 
which
          report<br>
          people are ordering from you.<font color="#ff0000"><b> IF YOU 
WANT TO
          GENERATE MORE<br>
          INCOME, SEND ANOTHER BATCH OF E-MAILS&nbsp;<br>
          AND START THE WHOLE PROCESS AGAIN.</b></font><br>
          <br>
          <span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #000000"><font face="Arial" 
color="#ffff00" size="3"><b>There
          is no limit to the income you can generate from this 
business!!!&nbsp;</b></font></span><br>
          <b><span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff"><font 
color="#ff0000">FOLLOWING
          IS A NOTE FROM THE ORIGINATOR OF THIS 
PROGRAM:&nbsp;</font></span></b><br>
          You have just received information that can give you financial 
freedom
          for<br>
          the rest of your life, with NO RISK and JUST A LITTLE BIT OF 
EFFORT.<br>
          You can make more money in the next few weeks and months than 
you&nbsp;<br>
          have ever imagined. Follow the program EXACTLY AS 
INSTRUCTED.<br>
          Do not change it in anyway. It works exceedingly well as it is 
now.<br>
          <br>
          Remember to e-mail a copy of this exciting report after you 
have put
          your<br>
          name and address in Report # 1 and moved others to # 2...# 5 
as<br>
          instructed above. One of the people you send this to may send 
out<br>
          100,000 or more e-mails and your name will be on every one of 
them.<br>
          Remember though, the more you send out the more potential 
customers<br>
          you will reach. So my friend, I have given you the ideas, 
information,<br>
          materials and opportunity to become financially 
independent.&nbsp;<br>
          IT IS UP TO YOU NOW!<br>
          <br>
          =====================================================<br>
          <span style="BACKGROUND-COLOR: #000000"><font face="Arial" 
color="#ffff00" size="3"><b>ORDER
          YOUR REPORTS TODAY AND GET STARTED ON</b></font></span><br>
          <font face="Arial" color="#ff0000" size="3"><b>'YOUR' ROAD TO
          FINANCIAL FREEDOM !&nbsp;</b></font><br>
          =====================================================<br>
          <br>
          If you have any questions of the legality of this program,<br>
          contact the:<br>
          Office of Associate Director for Marketing Practices<br>
          Federal Trade Commission, Bureau of Consumer Protection<br>
          Washington, D.C.</font></p>
          <table border="0" width="100%">
            <tr>
              <td width="100%">
                <font FACE="Times New 
Roman">________________________________________________________
                <br>This message is sent in compliance of the new e-mail 
bill:
                <br>SECTION 301. Per Section 301, paragraph (a)(2)(C) of
                <br>S. 1618. This message is NOT Spam as long as you are
                <br>provided with a way to remove your name from this 
mailing
                <br>list. All further transmissions to you from me may be 
stopped
                <br>at no cost to you by sending a reply to the below 
email
                address.
                <br>_____________________________________________________
____
                <br>To be removed from our mailing list,
                <br>reply with &quot;remove&quot; in the subject header.
                <br>We honor all remove requests.</font></td>
            </tr>
          </table>
        </td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
  </table>
  </center>
</div>
</BODY>
</html>
