Return-Path: <mm@aafbr.nz>
Delivered-To: snssoftw-email@snssoftware.com
Received: (qmail 21217 invoked from network); 24 Jul 2001 01:51:13 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO poxy.atcss.co.jp) (210.164.75.238)
  by em1.net with SMTP; 24 Jul 2001 01:51:13 -0000
Received: from all-life.com by poxy.atcss.co.jp with SMTP (Microsoft Exchange Internet Mail Service Version 5.0.1457.7)
	id PQNPSYHS; Tue, 24 Jul 2001 09:24:20 +0900
Reply-To: <mm@aaa.ine.philips.nl>
From: "mm@aafbr.nz" <mm@aafbr.nz>
To: "4311@aaa.ine.philips.nl" <4311@aaa.ine.philips.nl>
Message-ID: <0995934340.0893885515@aafbr.nz>
Subject: The Program 670794
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii";format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Length: 14548
Lines: 394

************************************************************

Under Bill S.1618, TiTle III, Section 301 this letter cannot
be considered spam as long as the sender includes contact
information and a method of removal.  Removal instructions
are found at the end of this message.

************************************************************

Several months ago I made a conscious decision not to delete
what I figured was just another "junk" e-mail.  That
decision has changed my life.  Here you have the very same
opportunity in front of you.  If you take just 5 minutes to
read through the following program you won't regret it.  See
for yourself.

This is an Internet Business Opportunity!

Would you like to get some real money in your mailbox, or
would you rather just hear more about how much you can make
if you sign up three people and they sign up three people,
etc.  If you're like me you've tried most of the referral
marketing programs and not made a dime.  Everyone wants you
to sign up for their program.  Well I'm over them.

This is the only program I have made a serious amount of
money with.  Take a look at it and do the math yourself.
All you have to do is follow the rules and it works!  For
very little money and some of your time you will be
receiving a significant amount of money in your mailbox.

Before you say "Bull" please read the following.  This is
the letter you have been hearing about on the news lately.
Due to the popularity of this letter on the internet, a
national weekly news program recently devoted an entire show
to the investigation of the program described below, to see
if it really could make people money.  The show also
investigated whether or not the program was legal.  Their
findings were that there are "absolutely NO laws prohibiting
participation in the program and if people can follow the
simple instructions, they are bound to make some mega bucks
with only a $25 out of pocket cost."  DUE TO THE RECENT
INCREASE IN POPULARITY AND RESPECT THIS PROGRAM HAS
ATTAINED, IT IS CURRENTLY WORKING BETTER THAN EVER.  This is
what one person had to say:  "Thank God for this profitable
opportunity.  I was approached many times before but each
time I passed on it.  I'm so glad that I finally joined just
to see what one could expect in return for the minimal
effort and money required.  To my astonishment I received a
total of $610,470.00 in 21 weeks, with money still coming
in."   Pam Hedland, Fort Lee, New Jersey.

Another man wrote:  My name is Mitchell.  My wife Jody and I
live in Chicago.  I am an accountant with a major U.S.
Corporation and I make pretty good money.  When I received
this program I grumbled to Jody about receiving "junk mail".
I made fun of the whole thing, spouting my knowledge of the
population and percentages involved.  I "knew" it wouldn't
work.  Jody totally ignored my supposed intelligence and a
few days later jumped in with both feet.  I made merciless
fun of her and was ready to lay the old "I told you so" on
her when the thing didn't work.  Well, the laugh was on me!
Within 3 weeks she had received 50 responses.  Within the
next 45 days she had received a total of
$147,200.00......all cash!  I was shocked.  I have now
joined Jody in her "hobby".    Mitchell Wolf, Chicago,
Illinois

******* PRINT THIS NOW FOR YOUR FUTURE REFERENCE *******

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

If you would like to make $500,000 every 4 to 5 months
easily and comfortably, please read the following.  THEN
READ IT AGAIN AND AGAIN!!!!!

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

FOLLOW THE SIMPLE INSTRUCTIONS BELOW AND YOUR FINANCIAL
DREAMS WILL COME TRUE, GUARANTEED!

INSTRUCTIONS:

**** Order all 5 reports shown on the list below.

**** For each report, send $5 CASH, THE NAME AND NUMBER OF
THE REPORT YOU ARE ORDERING, and YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS to the
person whose name appears ON THAT LIST next to the report.

**** MAKE SURE YOUR RETURN ADDRESS IS ON THE ENVELOPE in
case of any e-mail problems.

**** When you place your order, make sure you order each of
the 5 reports.  You will need all 5 reports so that you can
save them on your computer and resell them.

YOUR TOTAL COST IS $5 X 5 = $25

Within a few days you will receive, via e-mail, each of the
5 reports from these 5 individuals.  Save them on your
computer so they will be accessible for you to send to the
thousands of people who will order them from you.  Also,
make a floppy of these reports and keep it on your desk in
case something happens to your computer.

**** IMPORTANT - DO NOT alter the names of the people who
are listed next to each report, or their sequence on the
list, except as instructed below in steps 1 through 6 or you
will lose out on the majority of your profits.  Once you
understand the way this works you will also understand that
it does not work if you change it.

Remember, this method has been tested and if you alter it,
it will NOT work!!!  People have tried to put their
friends/relatives names in but it doesn't work this way.  If
you truly want them to benefit, send this to them and have
them put in the small amount of money and effort required.
Remember, honesty reaps rewards!!!

1.  After you have ordered all 5 reports, take this message
     and REMOVE the name and address of the person in REPORT
     #5.  This person has made it through the cycle and is
     no doubt counting their fortune.

2.  Move the name and address in REPORT #4 down to REPORT
#5.

3.  Move the name and address in REPORT #3 down to REPORT
#4.

4.  Move the name and address in REPORT #2 down to REPORT
#3.

5.  Move the name and address in REPORT #1 down to REPORT
#2.

6.  Insert YOUR name and address in the REPORT #1 position.

PLEASE MAKE SURE you copy every name and address ACCURATELY!

============================================================

Take this entire message, with the modified list of names,
and save it on your computer.  DO NOT MAKE ANY OTHER
CHANGES.  Save this on a disk as a backup.

To assist you with marketing your business on the Internet,
the 5 reports you purchase will provide you with invaluable
marketing information which includes how to send bulk e-
mails legally, where to find thousands of free classified
ads and much more.

There are two primary methods to getting this venture
underway.

METHOD #1:  BY SENDING BULK E-MAIL LEGALLY

Let's say that you decide to start small, just to see how it
goes.  We'll assume that you and all those that get involved
send out only 5,000 e-mails each.  Let's also assume that
the mailings receive only a 0.2% (2 in 1000) response (the
response could be much better but let's just say it's only
0.2%).

Continuing with this example, you send out only 5,000 e-
mails.  With a 0.2% response rate that is only 10 orders for
REPORT #1.  Those 10 people proceed to send out 5,000 e-
mails each for a total of 50,000.  Out of those 50,000 e-
mails only 0.2% respond with orders.  That's 100 people
responding and ordering REPORT #2 from you.  Those 100
people mail out 5,000 e-mails each for a total of 500,000 e-
mails.  The 0.2% response rate to that is 1000 orders for
REPORT #3.  Those 1000 people send out 5,000 e-mails each
for a total of 5 million e-mails.  The 0.2% response to that
is 10,000 orders for REPORT #4.  These 10,000 people send
out 5,000 e-mails each for a total of 50,000,000 (50
million) e-mails.  The 0.2% response to that is 100,000
orders for REPORT #5.  So the grand total of the above is
$555,550.00.

NUMBERS DON'T LIE.  GET OUT A PENCIL AND PAPER AND FIGURE
OUT THE WORST POSSIBLE RESPONSES.  NO MATTER HOW YOU
CALCULATE IT, YOU WILL STILL MAKE A LOT OF MONEY.

_________________________________________________________

REMEMBER MY FRIEND, THIS IS ASSUMING ONLY 10 PEOPLE ORDERED
OUT OF THE 5,000 YOU MAILED TO.  Dare to think for a moment
what would happen if everyone or even 1/4 of those people
mailed out 100,000 e-mails each or more?  There are
approximately 300 million people on the Internet worldwide
and counting.  Believe me, many people will do just that,
and more.

METHOD#2:  BY PLACING FREE ADS ON THE INTERNET Advertising
on the Internet is very, very inexpensive and there are
hundreds of FREE places to advertise.  Placing a lot of free
ads on the Internet will easily get a larger response.  We
strongly suggest you start with METHOD #1 and add METHOD #2
as you progress.

For every $5 you receive, all you must do is e-mail them the
report they ordered.  That's it.  Always provide same day
service on all orders.  The person cannot advertise/e-mail
until they receive the report to send out themselves.  Your
prompt response to their order ensures that the e-mail that
they send out, with your name and address on it, will also
be prompt.

________________ AVAILABLE REPORTS ________________

ORDER EACH REPORT BY ITS NUMBER AND NAME ONLY.

Note:  Always send $5 cash (US CURRENCY) for each report.
Checks are NOT accepted.  Make sure the cash is concealed by
wrapping it in at least 2 sheets of paper.  On one of those
sheets of paper, write the NUMBER and NAME of the report you
are ordering, YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS and your name and postal
address.  PLEASE make it legible so there will not be a
delay in getting the reports to you.

PLACE YOUR ORDER FOR THESE REPORTS NOW.

REPORT #1  "The Insiders Guide to Sending Bulk E-mail on the
Internet"

ORDER REPORT #1 FROM:

Michael Millette

5709 Chris Lane

Crystal Lake, IL  60014

REPORT #2  "The Insiders Guide to Advertising Free on the
Internet"

ORDER REPORT #2 FROM:

Mary Ann Adamson

750 Wellington St.

Sarnia, Ontario

Canada  N7T IJ2

REPORT #3  "The Secrets to Multilevel Marketing on the
Internet"

ORDER REPORT #3 FROM:

Glen Kelly

890 Ravenswood Ct.

Biloxi, MS  39532

REPORT #4  "How to Become a Millionaire Utilizing the Power
of Multilevel Marketing on the Internet"

ORDER REPORT #4 FROM:

C. Shaw

P.O. Box 468

Schomberg, Ontario

Canada  LOG ITO

REPORT #5  "How to Send 1,000,000 E-mails for FREE"

ORDER REPORT #5 FROM:

Elaine Rix

138 Dundas Street West, #243

Toronto, Ontario

Canada  M5G 1C3

$$$$$$$$$$ YOUR SUCCESS GUIDELINES $$$$$$$$$$

Follow these guidelines to guarantee your success.

If you do not receive at least 10 orders for Report #1
within 2 weeks, continue sending e-mails until you do.

After you have received 10 orders for Report #1, within 3
weeks you should receive 100 orders or more for Report #2.
If you do not, continue advertising and e-mailing until you
do.

Once you have received 100 or more orders for Report #2, YOU
CAN RELAX, because the system is already working for you and
the cash will continue to roll in!

THIS IS IMPORTANT TO REMEMBER:  Every time your name is
moved down on the list, you are placed in front of a
different report.  You can keep track of your progress by
watching which report people are ordering from you.  IF YOU
WANT TO GENERATE MORE INCOME SEND ANOTHER BATCH OF E-MAILS
AND START THE WHOLE PROCESS AGAIN.

_______________________________________________

THE FOLLOWING IS A NOTE FROM THE ORIGINATOR OF THIS PROGRAM

You have just received information that can give you
financial freedom for the rest of your life, with NO RISK
and JUST A LITTLE BIT OF EFFORT.  You can make more money in
the next few weeks than you have ever imagined.

Follow the program EXACTLY AS INSTRUCTED.  Do not change it
in any way.  It works exceedingly well as it is now.
Remember to e-mail a copy of this exciting report after you
have put your name and address in REPORT #1 and moved others
to #2...#5 as instructed above.  One of the people you send
this to may send out 100,000 or mare e-mails and your name
will be on every one of them.  Remember though, the more you
send out the more potential customers you will reach.

So my friend, I have given you the ideas, information,
material and opportunity to become financially independent.
IT'S UP TO YOU NOW!

If you have any questions of the legality of this program,
contact the Office of Associate Director for Marketing
Practices, Federal Trade Commission, Bureau of Consumer
Protection, Washington, D.C.

This message is sent in compliance with Bill S.1618, Title
III, Section 301. This message can not be considered as
SPAM as long as a valid remove method is provided. THIS IS
A ONETIME MESSAGE. THEREFORE NO REQUEST FOR REMOVAL IS
REQUIRED.
post offi;5
O/@`0with orders. I made $319,210.00 in the first 12
weeks. The nice thing about this deal is that it does not
matter where people live. There simply isn't a better
investment with a faster return and so big." Dan Sondstrom,
Alberta, Canada

-----------------------------------------------------------

"I had received this program before. I deleted it, but later
I wondered if I should have given it a try. Of course, I had
no idea who to contact to get another copy, so I had to wait
until I was e-mailed again by someone else.........11 months
passed then it luckily came again...... I did not delete
this one! I made more than $490,000 on my first try and all
the money came within 22 weeks". Susan De Suza, New York,
N.Y.

----------------------------------------------------

"It really is a great opportunity to make relatively easy
money with little cost to you. I followed the simple
instructions carefully and within 10 days the money started
to come in. My first month I made $ 20,560.00 and by the end
of third month my total cash count was $ 362,840.00. Life is
beautiful, Thanx to internet". Fred Dellaca, Westport, New
Zealand

------------------------------------------------------------

ORDER YOUR REPORTS TODAY AND GET STARTED ON YOUR ROAD TO
FINANCIAL FREEDOM !

=======================================================

If you have any questions of the legality of this program,
contact the Office of Associate Director for Marketing
Practices, Federal Trade Commission, Bureau of Consumer
Protection, Washington, D.C.

Under Bill s.1618 TITLE III passed by the 105th US Congress
this letter cannot be considered spam as long as the sender
includes contact information and a method of removal. This
is one time e-mail transmission. No request for removal is
necessary.

------------------------------------------------------------
This message is sent in compliance of the new email Bill HR
1910. Under Bill HR 1910 passed by the 106th US Congress on
May 24, 1999, this message cannot be considered Spam as long
as we include the way to be removed. Per Section HR 1910,
THIS IS A ONE TIME MAILING. Therefore NO REQUEST FOR REMOVAL
IS REQUIRED!


**********
