Return-Path: <reinhold@adm.nlh.no>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bruceg@em.ca
Received: (qmail 32682 invoked from network); 5 May 2001 09:53:17 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO www.pcpartner.com) (195.134.220.252)
  by em.ca with SMTP; 5 May 2001 09:53:17 -0000
Received: from 63.49.106.174 - 63.49.106.174 by www.pcpartner.com  with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.5.1775.675.6);
	 Sat, 5 May 2001 10:56:23 +0200
From: reinhold@adm.nlh.no
To: 
Subject: Thank Goodness It's Here!
Date: Fri, 04 May 01 19:37:47 Eastern Daylight Time
Reply-To: reinhold@aestheticsj.pl
X-Priority: 1
X-MSMailPriority: High
Importance: High
Content-Length: 30197

All our mailings are sent complying to the proposed United States Federal
Bcc:
Return-Path: reinhold@adm.nlh.no
Message-ID: <0a7d62356080551WEB@www.pcpartner.com>
Date: 5 May 2001 10:56:28 +0200
requirements
for commercial e-mail: Section 301 Paragraph (a)(2)(C) of S. 618. Please see
the bottom of this message for further information and removal instructions.

================================================

Hello Friend

I've tried a lot of different ways to make money on the net, some very
successful and others not so successful, but nothing has worked as well as 
this.

I've been in most of the top affiliate programs like Myss, Internet 
Marketing
Center, SFI, AWeber, InstantSalesLetter, secrets2success, CooleBiz, Going
Platinum,
MintMail, AD Placing, Che-ching, to name just a few. May be you've been in 
one
or more of these yourself.

How about e-books, reselling information from the $39.95 CD-rom, get paid to
give away free stuff, free web sites, free web hosting, free Visa or should 
I
say Viva cards, $10 domain names, cookie cutters. I've also tried paid to 
surf,
paid to click, just about every 'paid to'  program out there. It was very 
hard
to make any real money plus you have to work so many hours that it defeats
staying
at home. I'm sure there are also many more things I've tried over the years 
but
just can't think of them at the moment.

But nothing comes even close to this! If you have made over $53,000 since
September
then you don't need to read any further, as you're doing great. And those 
who
think they can't, or probably won't, you might as well stop reading also.

If you can devote five minutes and read this program, you too can do the 
money
dance like my four year old son and I do, six days a week on our walk to the
mailbox. Our neighbors must think we are crazy, but who cares. It's way too 
much
fun.

"YOU CAN MAKE $500,000.00 IN SIX MONTHS JUST PLACING E-MAILS"

NOT READING THEM - JUST PLACING THEM. SEEMS IMPOSSIBLE? LET ME SHOW YOU!

I said yeah, yeah, yeah, the first few times I read this too. But when I 
finally
got off my butt and tried it, I SIMPLY COULD NOT BELIEVE WHAT WAS HAPPENING.
I thank God every day, after I finally took the plunge - and yes, $25 was a
plunge
at that time.

MONEY MAKERS on the net! You can earn $500,000 or more in the next six 
months
just sending e-mail. Seems impossible? It is a proven concept that works 
again
and again.

===>B E L E I V E  M E !  I T  W O R K S !<===

Read on for details. Is there a catch? NO! There is no catch. Just send your
e-mails and be on your way to financial freedom. PLEASE take 5 minutes to 
read
on, to make some big bucks. You will be thankful that you did.


I WILL SAY IT AGAIN. You can earn $500,000 or more in the next six months
sending
e-mail. It is so simple, just send your e-mails and you'll be on your way to
financial freedom.


"AS SEEN ON NATIONAL TELEVISION"

Thank you for your time and interest. This is the letter you've been reading
about in the news lately. Due to the popularity of this letter on the 
Internet,
a major nightly news program recently devoted an entire show to the
investigation
of this program described below, to see if it really makes money for people.

The show also investigated whether or not the program was legal. Their 
findings
proved once and for all that there are absolutely no laws prohibiting the
participation
in this program. This has helped to show people that this is a simple, 
harmless
and fun way to make great extra money at home.

The results of this show have been truly remarkable. So many people are
participating that those involved are doing much better than ever before. 
Since
everyone makes more money, as more people try it out, it has been even more
exciting
to be a part of it lately. You will understand all that I am saying, once 
you
experience it.

"HERE IT IS!"

            *** Print This Now For Future Reference ***

The following income opportunity is one you should be interested in taking a
look at. It can be started with VERY LITTLE investment, but the income 
return
is TREMENDOUS !! ENORMOUS RETURN ON INVESTMENT !!

If you would like to make at least $500,000 in six months or less, please 
read
the enclosed program ... THEN READ IT AGAIN UNTIL YOU UNDERSTAND IT.

It does not require you to come in contact with people, do any kind of hard
work,
and best of all, you never have to leave the house except to get your mail. 
If
you have been thinking that someday you'll get that big break that you've 
been
waiting for, THIS IS IT.

Simply follow the instructions, and your dreams will come true. This 
multi-level
e-mail order marketing program works 100% EVERY TIME. E-mail is the sales 
tool
of the future. Take advantage of this non-commercialized method of 
advertising
NOW.

===>B E L E I V E  M E !  I T  W O R K S !<===

Get your piece of this action NOW. MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING (MLM) has finally
gained
respectability. It is being taught in the Harvard Business School, and both
Stanford
Research and the Wall Street Journal have stated that between 50% and 65% of
all goods and services will be sold through multi-level methods by the mid 
to
late 1990's.

This is a Multi-Billion Dollar industry and of the 500,000 millionaires in 
the
U.S., 20% (100,000) made their fortune in MLM over the last few years. 
Moreover,
statistics show 45 people become millionaires everyday through Multi-Level
Marketing.

You may have heard this story before:

Over the summer Donald Trump made an appearance on the David Letterman show.
Dave asked him what he would do if he lost everything and had to start over 
from
scratch. Without hesitating, Trump said he would find a good network 
marketing
company and get to work. The audience started to hoot and boo him.

He looked out at the audience and dead-panned his response "That's why I'm
sitting
up here, and you are all sitting out there!" With network marketing you have
two sources of income. Direct commissions from sales you make yourself, and
commissions
from sales made by people you have introduced to the business.

Residual income is the secret of the wealthy. It means investing time or 
money
once, and getting paid again and again and again. In network marketing, it 
also
means getting paid for the work of others.

The enclosed information is something I almost let slip through my fingers.
Fortunately,
sometime later I re-read everything and gave some thought and study to it.

Six months prior to receiving this program, I had been sending for
information on various business opportunities. All the programs I received
seemed
to have some kind of catch, or simply was not cost effective in my opinion. 
They
were either too difficult for me to comprehend or the initial investment was
too much for me to risk to see if they would work or not.

One even claimed that I would make a million dollars in one year ... but it
didn't
tell me I'd have to write a book to make it.

In September 2000, I received this program. I didn't send for it, or ask for 
it.
Some one just got my name off a mailing list. THANK GOODNESS FOR THAT. After
reading it several times, to make sure I was reading it correctly, I 
couldn't
believe my eyes. Here was a MONEY MAKING PHENOMENON.

I could invest as much as I wanted to start with, without placing myself in
further
debt. After I got a pencil and paper and figured it out, I realized I would 
at
least get my money back. But like most of you I was still a little skeptical
and a little worried about the legal aspects of it all.

So I checked it out with the U.S. Post Office (1-800-725-2161 24-hrs) and 
they
confirmed that it is indeed legal. After determining the program was LEGAL 
and
NOT A CHAIN LETTER, I decided "WHY NOT." Initially I sent out 10,000 
e-mails.
It cost me about $15 and my time online. The great thing about sending 
e-mail
is that I don't incur printing costs to send out this program, and because 
all
my orders are fulfilled via
e-mail, the only expense is my time.

In less than one week, I started receiving orders for Report #1. By
November 12, I had received 22 orders for Report #1. Your goal is to RECEIVE
at least 20 ORDERS for REPORT #1 within 2 Weeks. IF YOU DON'T, SEND OUT MORE
E-MAIL PROGRAMS UNTIL YOU ACHIEVE YOUR GOAL. My first step in making 
$500,000
in six months was done.

By November 29, I had received 166 orders for Report #2. Your goal is to 
RECEIVE
AT LEAST 100+ ORDERS FOR REPORT #2 WITHIN THE NEXT 2 WEEKS. IF YOU DON'T, 
SEND
OUT MORE E-MAIL PROGRAMS UNTIL YOU ACHIEVE YOUR GOAL. ONCE YOU HAVE RECEIVED
100 ORDERS, THE REST IS EASY. RELAX, YOU'RE ON TRACK TO MAKE YOUR $500,000 
GOAL.
I had 166 orders for REPORT #2, 66 more than I needed. So I sat back and
relaxed.
By the end of the year I had
e-mailed 10,000 programs. I have received $53,000 with more coming in every 
day.
I paid off ALL my debts and bought a much needed new car.

I JUST FOUND OUT HOW TO SEND OUT 1 MILLION E-MAILS a week at a cost
which is MUCH LESS then bulk e-mailing. I am starting all over again.
I JUST CAN'T WAIT!

PLEASE take the time to read the attached program, over and over again. IT 
WILL
CHANGE YOUR LIFE FOREVER.

===>B E L E I V E  M E !  I T  W O R K S !<===

Remember, it can't work for you if you don't try it. This program DOES WORK,
but you must follow it EXACTLY. ESPECIALLY the rules of not trying to place 
your
name in a different place. It won't work, you'll lose out on a lot of money.
In order for this program to work, you must meet your goal of 20+ orders for
REPORT #1, and 100+ orders for REPORT #2, and then you'll be on track to 
make
$500,000 or more in six months.

I AM LIVING PROOF THAT THIS PROGRAM WORKS. I am sorry if you choose not to
participate
in this program. It is really a great opportunity with little cost to you. 
If
you choose to participate, follow the instructions, and you will be on your 
way
to financial security. If you are a fellow business owner, and are in 
financial
trouble like I was, or you want to start your own business, participate in 
this
program as
I DID.


A PERSONAL NOTE FROM THE ORIGINATOR OF THIS PROGRAM.

By the time you have read this program and the reports, you should have
concluded
this program is legal, and could not have been created by an amateur.

Let me tell you a little about myself. I had a profitable business for 10 
years.
In 1987, my business began falling off. I was doing the same things that 
were
previously successful for me, but it wasn't working. Finally, I figured it 
out.
It wasn't me, it was the economy. Inflation and recession had replaced the
stable
economy that had been with us since 1945. I don't have to tell you what 
happened
to the unemployment rate ... because many of you know from first hand
experience.

There were more failures and bankruptcies than ever before. The middle class
was vanishing. Those who knew what they were doing invested wisely and moved
up. Those who did not, including those who never had anything to save or 
invest,
were moving down into the ranks of the poor. As the saying goes, "THE RICH 
GET
RICHER AND THE POOR GET POORER."

The traditional methods of making money will never allow you to "move up" or
"get rich." Inflation will see to that. You have just received information 
that
can give you financial freedom for the rest of your life with NO RISK but 
JUST
A LITTLE BIT OF EFFORT.

You can make more money in the next few months than you have ever imagined. 
May
I also point out that I will not see a penny of this money, nor will anyone 
else
who has provided a testimonial for this program. I have already made over 4
MILLION
DOLLARS. I have retired from the program after sending out over 16,000 
programs.
Now I have several offices that run this, and several other programs here in
the U.S. and overseas.

Follow the program EXACTLY AS INSTRUCTED. Do not change it in any way. It 
works
exceedingly well as it is. Remember to e-mail a copy of this exciting 
program
to everyone you can think of. One of the people you send this to may send 
out
500,000 programs and your name will be on everyone of them. Remember, the 
more
you send out the more potential customers you will reach.

So dear friend, I have given you the ideas, information, materials and
opportunity
to become financially independent. IT IS UP TO YOU NOW. THINK ABOUT THIS 
PROGRAM
before you delete it from your mailbox, as I almost did. Take a little time 
to
read it, and REALLY THINK ABOUT IT. Get a pencil and figure out what could
possibly
happen when YOU participate. Imagine the worst possible response, and no 
matter
how you calculate it, you will still make a lot of money. You will 
definitely
get back what you invested. Any doubts you may be having will vanish when 
your
first orders come in. IT WORKS!

Jody Jacobs, Richmond, VA.

HERE'S HOW THIS AMAZING PROGRAM WILL MAKE YOU THOUSANDS OF DOLLAR$.

INSTRUCTIONS:

This method of raising capital REALLY WORKS 100% EVERY TIME. I'm sure you 
could
use $500,000 or more in the next six months. Before you say "BULL" please 
read
this program carefully. This is NOT a chain letter, but a perfectly legal, 
money
making opportunity.

Here's what you do:
As with all multi-level businesses, we build our business by recruiting new
partners,
and selling our products. Every state in the
U.S. allows you to recruit new multi-level business partners, and we offer a
product for EVERY dollar sent. YOUR ORDERS COME BY MAIL AND ARE FILLED BY
E-MAIL,
so you are not involved in personal selling. You do it privately in your own
home, store or office. This is the GREATEST Multi-Level Mail Order Marketing
Program anywhere.

SIMPLICITY IS THE KEY! This is what you MUST do EXACTLY!

===>B E L E I V E  M E !  I T  W O R K S !<===

1. Order all 5 reports shown on the list below (you can't sell them if you 
don't
have them - so order them).

* For each report, send $5.00 CASH, mention the NAME & NUMBER OF THE REPORT 
YOU
ARE ORDERING, YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS, and YOUR NAME & RETURN ADDRESS (in case 
of
a problem) to the person whose name appears on the list next to the report.

* If you do not live in the USA, you will have to buy the $5 bills first 
from
your local bank.

* MAKE SURE YOUR RETURN ADDRESS IS ON THE TOP LEFT CORNER OF YOUR ENVELOPE 
IN
CASE OF ANY MAIL PROBLEMS!

* When you place your order, make sure you order each of the five reports. 
You
will need all five reports so that you can save them on your computer and 
resell
them. You really need these reports, otherwise people won't be able to order
anything from you. These reports hold IMPORTANT INFORMATION which you really
need to make this business a success.

* Within a few days you will receive, via e-mail, each of the five reports. 
Save
them on your computer so that the reports will be accessible for you to send
to the 1,000's of people who will order them from you. Save them on disk as 
a precaution, too.

2. IMPORTANT - DO NOT ALTER the names of the people who are listed next to 
each
report, or their sequence on the list, in any way other than as instructed 
below
in steps "a" through "g" or you will lose out on the majority of your 
profits.
Once you understand how this program works, you'll also see how it doesn't 
work
if you change it. Remember, this method has been tested, and if you alter 
it,
it will not work.

a. Look below for the listing of available reports.

b. After you've ordered the five reports, remove the name and address under
REPORT
#5. This person has made it through the cycle and
is no doubt counting their $500,000.

c. Move the name and address under REPORT #4 down to REPORT #5.

d. Move the name and address under REPORT #3 down to REPORT #4.

e. Move the name and address under REPORT #2 down to REPORT #3.

f. Move the name and address under REPORT #1 down to REPORT #2.

g. Insert your name and address in REPORT #1 position.

Please make sure you copy every name and address ACCURATELY. Take this 
entire
program, including the modified list of names, and save it to your computer.
Make NO changes to the INSTRUCTIONS portion of this program.

Your cost to participate in this is practically nothing (surely you can 
afford
$25). You obviously have an Internet connection and e-mail is FREE!

To assist you with marketing your business on the internet, the 5 reports 
you
purchase will provide you with invaluable marketing information which 
includes
how to send bulk e-mails, where to find thousands of free classified ads and
much, much more.

How to obtain free web sites, how to obtain top rankings in search engines 
for
your web-site, how to send bulk e-mail into AOL and CompuServe, how to 
market
your products on newsgroups, free classified ads, electronic malls, bulletin
boards, banner ads and much more. There are two primary methods of building 
your
downline:

METHOD #1 - PLACING FREE ADS ON THE INTERNET

Advertising on the 'Net' is very, very inexpensive, and there are HUNDREDS 
of
FREE places to advertise. Let's say you decide to start small just to see 
how
well it works. Assume your goal is to get ONLY 10 people to participate on 
your
first level. (Placing a lot of FREE ads on the Internet will EASILY get a 
larger
response.) Also assume that everyone else in YOUR ORGANIZATION gets ONLY 10
downline
members.

METHOD #2 - SENDING E-MAIL.

Let's say that you decide to start small, just to see how it goes, and we'll
assume you and all those involved send out only 5,000 programs each. Let's 
also
assume that the mailing receives a 0.2% response.

Using a good list the response could be much better. Also, many people will 
send
out hundreds of thousands of programs instead of 5,000. But continuing with 
this
example, you send out only 5,000 programs. With a 0.2% response, you receive
only 10 orders for REPORT #1 - $50.

Those 10 people respond by sending out 5,000 programs each for a total of
50,000.
With a response 0.2%, 100 people order REPORT #2 - $500.

Those 100 people mail out 5,000 programs each totaling 500,000. With a 
response
of 0.2%, 1,000 people order REPORT #3 - $5,000.

Those 1,000 people send out 5,000 programs each totaling 5,000,000. With a 
0.2%
response, 10,000 people order REPORT #4 - $50,000.

Those 10,000 people send out 5,000 programs each totaling 50,000,000. With a
response of 0.2%, 100,000 people order REPORT #5 sending you $5 bills -
$500,000.
CASH.

In this example of only 0.2% response, your total income is:
$50 + $500 + $5,000 + $50,000 + $500,000 totaling $555,550 CASH.

DEAR FRIEND, REMEMBER with a O.2% response, 4,990 PEOPLE OUT OF THE 5,000 
YOU
MAIL TO, WILL DO ABSOLUTELY NOTHING AND TRASH THIS PROGRAM. DARE TO THINK 
FOR
A MOMENT WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF THE RESPONSE IS MORE THAN 0.2%.

WHAT IF YOUR FIRST 10 RESPONDENTS FOR REPORT #1 DECIDE TO SEND OUT 10,000
PROGRAMS
EACH INSTEAD OF 5,000 EACH.

Believe me, many people will do just that, and more. YOUR COST to
participate in this program is practically nothing. You already have an 
Internet
connection and e-mail is FREE !!!

Follow this example to achieve the STAGGERING results of $555,550 CASH.

1st level - 10 members with $5 each .......................... $     50

2nd level - 10 members from each of those 10 in 1st ($5 x 100) $    500

3rd level - 10 mems from each of those 100 in 2nd ($5 x 1,000) $  5,000

4th level - 10 mems each from those 1,000 in 3rd ($5 x 10,000) $ 50,000

5th level - 10 mems each from those 10,000 4th ($5 x 100,000)  $500,000

                                                        Total $555,550

===>B E L E I V E  M E !  I T  W O R K S !<===

This example assumes that the people who participate, will only have 10
respondents
each. Think for a moment, what would happen if they had 20 people respond. 
Some
people get 100's of participants!

THINK ABOUT IT! For every $5.00 you receive, all you must do is e-mail them 
the
report they ordered. THAT'S IT. ALWAYS PROVIDE SAME-DAY SERVICE ON ALL 
ORDERS.
This will guarantee that the e-mail THEY send out, with YOUR name and 
address
on it, will be prompt because they can't advertise until they receive the 
report
from you.

AVAILABLE REPORTS:

*** Order Each REPORT by NUMBER and NAME ***

NOTE: ALWAYS SEND $5 CASH (U.S. CURRENCY) FOR EACH REPORT. CHEQUES NOT 
ACCEPTED.

IMPORTANT! SEND YOUR ORDER VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL.

* Make sure you pay all the shipping/mailing costs. Make sure the postage in
stamps is correct, especially when you order from someone who lives in 
another
country. If you are not sure how much postage is required, ask your post 
office
or bring the mail to them and they will advise you accordingly. This is VERY
important because if you don't pay enough postage on your mail, it WON'T 
arrive
at its destination and
you WON'T receive your report. Take time to do this right. You only have to 
do
it once. It's the base of your business.

* Make sure the cash (if you live outside the U.S., first buy 5 $5 bills 
from
your local bank) is well concealed by wrapping it in two sheets of paper, 
SAME
SIZE AS ENVELOPE, TOTALLY COVERING THE CASH from end to end (in case it 
moves
or is shaken) in the envelope so that the $5 bill can not be seen or exposed
in the envelope from the outside.

YOU SHOULD CONDUCT THIS IMPORTANT TEST. WHEN THE ENVELOPE CONTAINING THE 
CASH
WRAPPED IN TWO SHEETS OF PAPER IS HELD UP AGAINST A STRONG LIGHT SOURCE 
BEHIND
THE ENVELOPE, IF YOU CAN SEE THE CASH THROUGH THE  ENVELOPE THEN SOMEONE 
ELSE
CAN ALSO SEE IT. YOU WANT TO PREVENT THEFT. BE SURE YOU CAN NOT SEE ANY PART
OF THE CASH AT ALL.

* On one of those sheets of paper, include:

(a) the number & name of the report you are ordering,

(b) your e-mail address,

(c) your name & postal address.

PLACE YOUR ORDER FOR THESE REPORTS NOW:
_______________________________________________________________________

REPORT #1 "The Insider's Guide to Advertising for Free on the Internet"
ORDER REPORT #1 FROM:

D. Aaron

P.O. Box 698

Marshfield, MA 02050

U.S.A.
_______________________________________________________________________

REPORT #2 "The Internet Guide to Sending 1,000,000 e-mails each week,
for less than $0.14 per day." This by itself can make you big bucks, and can
be done in just a few minutes.

ORDER REPORT #2 FROM:

Ramon Balhetchet

814 Rosswell Ave.

Steubenville,

Ohio 43952-2642

U.S.A
_______________________________________________________________________

REPORT #3 "The Secrets to Multilevel Marketing on the Internet"

ORDER REPORT #3 FROM:

Jennifer Ricca

P.O. Box 16-0358

Miami, Florida 33116

U.S.A
________________________________________________________________________

REPORT #4 "How to become a Millionaire utilizing the Power of
Multilevel Marketing and the Internet"
ORDER REPORT #4 FROM:

John Flaherty

14655 Winterfield Dr.

Centreville, Virginia 20120

U.S.A.
_______________________________________________________________________

REPORT # 5 : "HOW TO SEND ONE MILLION E-MAILS FOR FREE"
ORDER REPORT #5 FROM:

Brenda Round

6827 Westcott Dr.

Falls Church, Virginia 22042

U.S.A.
_______________________________________________________________________

******* TIPS FOR SUCCESS *******

*TREAT THIS AS YOUR BUSINESS. Be prompt, professional, and follow the 
directions
accurately.

*Send for the five reports IMMEDIATELY, so you will have them when the
orders start coming in because: When you receive a $5 order, you MUST send 
out
the requested report.

*ALWAYS PROVIDE SAME-DAY SERVICE ON THE ORDERS YOU RECEIVE.

*Be patient and persistent with this program. If you follow the instructions
exactly as laid out here, your results WILL BE SUCCESSFUL.

*ABOVE ALL, HAVE FAITH IN YOURSELF, AND KNOW YOU WILL SUCCEED.

******* YOUR SUCCESS GUIDELINES *******

Follow these guidelines to guarantee your success:

*If you don't receive 20 orders for REPORT #1 within two weeks, continue
advertising
or sending e-mails on this program until you do.

*A couple of weeks later you should receive at least 100
orders for REPORT #2. If you don't, continue advertising or sending
e-mails on this program until you do.

*Once you have received 100 or more orders for REPORT #2, YOU CAN RELAX, 
because
the system is already working for you, and the cash will continue to roll 
in.

THIS IS IMPORTANT TO REMEMBER:

Every time your name is moved down on the list, you are placed in front of a
DIFFERENT report. You can KEEP TRACK of your PROGRESS by watching which 
report
people are ordering from you.

If you want to generate more income, send another batch of e-mails or 
continue
placing ads and start the whole process again. There is no limit to the 
income
you will generate from this business.

Before you make your decision as to whether or not, you want to participate 
in
this program, please answer one question. DO YOU WANT TO CHANGE YOUR LIFE?

If the answer is 'yes', please look at the following facts about this 
program:

1. YOU ARE SELLING A PRODUCT WHICH DOES NOT COST ANYTHING TO PRODUCE.

2. YOU ARE SELLING A PRODUCT WHICH DOES NOT COST ANYTHING TO SHIP.

3. YOU ARE SELLING A PRODUCT WHICH DOES NOT COST YOU ANYTHING TO ADVERTISE.

4. YOU ARE UTILIZING THE POWER OF THE INTERNET AND THE POWER OF MULTI-LEVEL
MARKETING
TO DISTRIBUTE YOUR PRODUCT ALL OVER THE WORLD.

5. YOUR ONLY EXPENSES OTHER THAN YOUR INITIAL $25 INVESTMENT IS YOUR TIME!

6. VIRTUALLY ALL THE INCOME YOU GENERATE FROM THIS PROGRAM IS PROFIT!

7. THIS PROGRAM WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE FOREVER.


******* T E S T I M O N I A L S *******

This program does work, but you must follow it EXACTLY! Especially the rule 
of
not trying to place your name in a different position. It won't work, and 
you'll
lose a lot of potential income. I'm living proof that it works.

It is really a great opportunity to make relatively easy money, with so 
little
cost to you. If you choose to participate, follow the program exactly, and
you'll
be on your way to financial security.

Steven Bardfield, Portland, OR.

***********************************************************

My name is Mitchell. My wife, Jody, and I live in Chicago, IL. I am a cost
accountant
with a major U.S. corporation and I'm making pretty good money.

When I received the program I grumbled to Jody about receiving "junk mail." 
I
made fun of the whole thing, spouting my knowledge of the population and
percentages
involved. I "knew" it wouldn't work.

Jody totally ignored my "supposed" intelligence and jumped in with both 
feet.
I made merciless fun of her, and was ready to lay the old saying, "I told 
you
so" on her when the thing didn't work. Well, the laugh was on me.

Within two weeks, she had received over 50 responses. Within 45 days she had
received over $147,200 in $5 bills. I was shocked to say the least. I was 
sure
that I had it all figured out and that it wouldn't work. I AM a believer 
now.
I have joined Jody in her "hobby".

I did have seven years more to retirement. With this new found "hobby" I
retired.
We owe it all to MLM.

Mitchell Wolf, CPA, Chicago, IL.

************************************************************

The main reason for this letter is to convince you that this system is 
honest,
lawful, extremely profitable, and is a good way to get a large amount of 
money
in a short time. I received this program several times by e-mail before I
finally
decided to check it out.

I joined just to see what one could expect in return for the minimum effort,
and money invested. To my astonishment, I received $36,470.00 in the first 
14
weeks, with money still coming in every day in the mail.

Charles Morris, Esq.

************************************************************

I'm not the gambling type. It took me several weeks to make up my mind to
participate in this program. But conservative that I am, I decided that the
initial
investment was so little. There was just no way that I wouldn't get enough
orders
to at least get my money back. Boy, was I surprised when I found my 
medium-size
post office box crammed with orders. For a while, it got so overloaded that 
I
had to start picking up my mail at the window. I'll make more money this 
year
than any 10 years of my working life before. The nice thing about this deal 
is
that it doesn't matter where people live. There simply isn't a better 
investment
with a faster return.

Paige Willis, Des Moines, IA.

************************************************************

I had received this program many times before. Each time I deleted it. Later
I wondered if I shouldn't have given it a try. Of course, I had no idea who 
to
contact to get another copy, so I had to wait until I was
e-mailed another program. Fortunately, 11 months later this program was
e-mailed to me. I didn't delete it this time. I made more than $41,000 on 
the
first try!

Violet Wilson, Johnstown, PA.

***********************************************************

This is my third time participating in this program. My wife and I have quit
our jobs, and will soon buy a home on the beach and live off the interest on
the money we have received.

The only way on earth that this plan will work for you is to get into it. 
For
your sake, and for your family's sake, don't pass up this golden 
opportunity.
Good luck and happy spending!

Kerry Ford, Centerport, NY.

*************************************************************

ORDER YOUR REPORTS TODAY AND GET STARTED ON YOUR ROAD TO FINANCIAL FREEDOM!

HAVE A PROSPEROUS DAY

P.S. When you do join, PLEASE contact me so we can work together and i'll 
also show you where you can get a mailing list as low as $10 for 10,000 targeted
addresses
:)

============================

This mailing is done by an independent marketing company. We apologize if 
this
message has reached you in error. Save the Planet! Save the Trees! Advertise
via e-mail. No wasted paper!

Delete with one simple keystroke. Less refuse in our dumps. This is the new 
way
of the new millennium. 

****************************************
* THIS IS A ONE-TIME EMAIL. NO REQUEST *
* FOR REMOVAL IS REQUIRED. YOU WILL    *
* NOT RECEIVE ANY FURTHER EMAIL.       *
****************************************










All our mailings are sent complying to the proposed United States Federal
requirements





