Return-Path: <sadigrace@yahoo.com>
Delivered-To: bruce-spam@bruce-guenter.dyndns.org
Received: (qmail 4113 invoked by alias); 13 Jul 2000 09:46:26 -0000
Delivered-To: spam@bruce-guenter.dyndns.org
Received: (qmail 4110 invoked from network); 13 Jul 2000 09:46:26 -0000
Received: from daedalus.bfsmedia.com (198.169.201.8)
  by 10.2.1.99 with SMTP; 13 Jul 2000 09:46:26 -0000
Received: (qmail 12429 invoked by uid 500); 13 Jul 2000 09:46:25 -0000
Cc: recipient list not shown: ;
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait@em.ca
Received: (qmail 12421 invoked from network); 13 Jul 2000 09:46:18 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO inbound.metconnect.com.criticalpath.net) (207.252.144.104)
  by em.ca with SMTP; 13 Jul 2000 09:46:18 -0000
From: <sadigrace@yahoo.com>
Subject: Hi! Nice to meet you!!
Date: Thu, 13 Jul 2000 02:06:57
Message-Id: <200.337503.250470@inbound.metconnect.com.criticalpath.net>

These days everywhere you turn, there's another newfangled 
money-making 'opportunity' being offered. That's all well and 
good, I suppose. They say variety is the spice of life. The only 
problem is - most of these methods just don't work. 

Meanwhile the original, proven BIGGEST MONEYMAKER is still the 
easiest, fastest, most economical and most fun method yet! Before 
you delete this letter, do yourself a favor and read the 
information below. Find out how you can earn $46,000 or more in 
the next 90 days.
_________________________________________________________________

"AS SEEN ON NATIONAL T.V."

Thank you for your time and interest.

Due to the popularity of this letter on the Internet, a major 
nightly news program recently devoted an entire show to the 
investigation of the program described below, to see if it really 
can make people money.

The show also investigated whether or not the program was legal. 
Their findings proved once and for all that there are absolutely 
no laws prohibiting the participation in the program. This has 
helped to show people that this is a simple, harmless and fun way 
to make some extra money at home.

The results of this show have been truly remarkable. So many 
people are participating that those involved are doing much 
better than ever before. Since everyone makes more as more people 
try it out, it's been very exciting to be a part of lately. You 
will understand once you experience it.

You may have heard this story before, but Donald Trump (A 
MULTI-BILLIONAIRE, & ONE OF THE WEALTHIEST MEN IN THE WORLD) made 
an appearance on the David Letterman show. Dave asked him what he 
would do if he lost everything and had to start over from 
scratch. Without hesitating, Trump said he would find a good 
network marketing company and get to work. The audience started 
to hoot and boo him. He looked out at the audience and deadpanned 
his response "That's why I'm sitting up here and you are all 
sitting out there!"
_________________________________________________________________

THIS IS A LEGITIMATE, LEGAL, MONEY MAKING OPPORTUNITY. It does 
not require you to come into contact with people, do any hard 
work, and best of all, you never have to leave the house except 
to get the mail. If you believe that someday you'll get that big 
break that you've been waiting for, THIS IS IT! Simply follow the 
instructions, and your dreams will come true.

This multi-level e-mail order-marketing program works 
perfectly...100% every time. IT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE FOREVER!!!

HERE'S HOW THIS AMAZING PROGRAM WILL MAKE YOU THOUSANDS OF 
DOLLARS:

1. Order all 5 reports shown on the list below. You can't sell 
them if you don't order them.

a. For each report, send $5.00 CASH, the NAME & NUMBER OF THE 
REPORT YOU ARE ORDERING, your E-MAIL ADDRESS, and your NAME & 
RETURN ADDRESS to the person whose name appears on the list next 
to the report. MAKE SURE YOUR RETURN ADDRESS IS ON YOUR ENVELOPE 
IN CASE OF ANY MAIL PROBLEMS!

b. When you place your order, make sure you order each of the 
five reports. You will need all five reports so that you can save 
them on your computer and resell them.

c. Within a few days you will receive, via e-mail, each of the 
five reports. Save them on your computer so they will be 
accessible for you to send to the 1,000's of people who will 
order them from you.

2. IMPORTANT-- DO NOT alter the names of the people who are 
listed next to each report, or their sequence on the list, in any 
way other than is instructed below in steps "a" through "g" or 
you will lose out on the majority of your profits. Once you 
understand the way this works, you'll also see how it doesn't 
work if you change it. Remember, this method has been tested, and 
if you alter it, it will not work.

a. Look below for the listing of available reports.

b. After you've ordered the five reports, take this advertisement 
and REMOVE the name and address under REPORT #5. This person has 
made it through the cycle and is no doubt counting their $46,000! 
Also, change the name and the e-mail address on the top of this 
document to your own.

c. Move the name and address under REPORT #4 down to REPORT #5.

d. Move the name and address under REPORT #3 down to REPORT #4.

e. Move the name and address under REPORT #2 down to REPORT #3.

f. Move the name and address under REPORT #1 down to REPORT #2.

g. Insert your name/address in the REPORT #1 position.

Please make sure you copy every name and address ACCURATELY!

3. Take this entire letter, including the modified list of names, 
and save it to your computer. Make NO changes to the instruction 
portion of this letter.

Your cost to participate in this is practically nothing (surely 
you can afford $25). You obviously already have an Internet 
connection and email is FREE!

To assist you with marketing your business on the Internet, the 5 
reports you purchase will provide you with invaluable marketing 
INFORMATION which includes how to send bulk e-mails, where to 
find thousands of free classified ads and much, much more.

In addition you will be provided with INFORMATION on Internet 
Marketing Clubs such as INTERNET MARKETING RESOURCES (IMR): This 
is one of the premiere marketing clubs on the Internet. This club 
provides a forum where Internet marketers from all over the world 
can exchange ideas and secrets on Internet Marketing. In 
addition, members of this club are provided free Internet 
marketing tools and services for the 
Do-Yourself-Internet-Marketer.

They will provide you with free bulk e-mail software and up to 
1,000,000 fresh e-mail addresses each week. This club will 
provide you with hundreds of free resources which include: How to 
obtain free web sites, how to obtain top rankings in search 
engines for your web-site, how to send bulk e-mail into AOL and 
CompuServe, how to market your products on newsgroups, free 
classified ads, electronic malls, bulletin boards, banner ads and 
much more.

There are two primary methods of building your downline:

METHOD #1: SENDING BULK E-MAIL

Let's say that you decide to start small, just to see how it 
goes, and we'll assume you and all those involved send out only 
2,000 programs each. Let's also assume that the mailing receives 
a 0.3% response. Using a good list the response could be much 
better. Also, many people will send out hundreds of thousands of 
programs instead of 2,000. But continuing with this example, you 
send out only 2,000 programs. 

With a 0.3% response, that is only 6 orders for REPORT #1. 

Those 6 people respond by sending out 2,000 programs each for a 
total of 12,000. Out of that 0.3%, 36 people respond and order 
REPORT #2. Those 36 mail out 2,000 programs each for a total of 
72,000. The 0.3% response to that is 216 orders for REPORT #3. 
Those 216 send out 2,000 programs each for a 432,000 total. The 
0.3% response to that is 1,296 orders for REPORT #4. Those 1,296 
send out 2,000 programs each for a 2,592,000 total. The 0.3% 
response to that is 7,776 orders for REPORT #5.

That's 7,776 $5 bills for you, CASH!!! Your total income in this 
example is $30 + $180 + $1,080+ $6,480 + $38,880 for a total of 
$46,650!!!

REMEMBER FRIEND, THIS IS ASSUMING 1,994 OUT OF THE 2,000 PEOPLE 
YOU EMAIL WILL DO ABSOLUTELY NOTHING AND TRASH THIS PROGRAM! DARE 
TO THINK FOR A MOMENT WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF EVERYONE, OR HALF SENT 
OUT 100,000 PROGRAMS INSTEAD OF 2,000. Believe me, many people 
will do just that, and more! 

REPORT #2 and #5 will show you the best methods for bulk 
emailing, tell you where to obtain free bulk email software and 
where to obtain e-mail lists and show you how to send out 
1,000,000 e-mails for free.

METHOD #2 - PLACING FREE ADS ON THE INTERNET

1. Advertising on the 'Net is very, very inexpensive, and there 
are HUNDREDS of FREE places to advertise. Let's say you decide to 
start small just to see how well it works. Assume your goal is to 
get ONLY 6 people to participate on your first level. (Placing a 
lot of FREE ads on the Internet will EASILY get a larger 
response.) Also assume that everyone else in your organization 
gets ONLY 6 downline members. Follow this example to achieve the 
STAGGERING results below.

1st level--your 6 members with $5 ($5 x 6)...................$30
2nd level--6 members from those 6 ($5 x 36)................$180
3rd level--6 members from those 36 ($5 x 216)............$1,080
4th level--6 members from those 216 ($5 x 1,296).......$6,480
5th level-6 members from those 1,296 ($5 x 7,776)....$38,880
................................................................
...$46,650

Remember friend, this assumes that the people who participate 
only recruit 6 people each. Think for a moment what would happen 
if they got 20 people to participate! Many people will get 100's 
of participants!
THINK ABOUT IT!

For every $5.00 you receive, all you must do is e-mail them the 
report they ordered. THAT'S IT! ALWAYS PROVIDE SAME-DAY SERVICE 
ON ALL ORDERS! This will guarantee that the e-mail THEY send out, 
with YOUR name and address on it, will be prompt because they 
can't advertise until they receive the report!

AVAILABLE REPORTS

*** Order Each REPORT by NUMBER and NAME ***

Notes: ALWAYS SEND $5 CASH (U.S. CURRENCY) FOR EACH REPORT
CHECKS NOT ACCEPTED
ALWAYS SEND YOUR ORDER VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL

Make sure the cash is concealed by wrapping it in at least two 
sheets of paper. On one of those sheets of paper, include: (a) 
the number & name of the report you are ordering, (b) your e-mail 
address, and (c) your name & postal address.

PLACE YOUR ORDER FOR THESE REPORTS NOW:

REPORT #1 "The Insider's Guide to Advertising for Free on the 
Internet"

ORDER REPORT #1 FROM:

Sadi Grace
Box 1593
Stuyvesant Station
New York, NY
10009
USA


REPORT #2 "The Insider's Guide to Sending Bulk E-mail on the 
Internet"

ORDER REPORT #2 FROM:

Hilal Kanafani
9 Rivercourt Rd.
Hammersmith
London
W6 9LD
United Kingdom


REPORT #3 "The Secrets to Multilevel Marketing on the Internet"

ORDER REPORT #3 FROM:

Michele Richter
P.O. Box 4534
Fort Lauderdale, Fl. 
33338-4534
USA


REPORT #4 "How to become a Millionaire utilizing the Power of 
Multilevel Marketing and the Internet"

ORDER REPORT #4 FROM:

Renee Lewis
1584 Huron Church Road
Suite 105
Windsor, ON
N9C 2L1
Canada


REPORT #5 "How to SEND 1,000,000 e-mails for FREE"

ORDER REPORT #5 FROM:

Joshua Benton
1314 W. Mossman
Springfield, Illinois
62702
USA

******* TIPS FOR SUCCESS *******

* TREAT THIS AS YOUR BUSINESS! Be prompt, professional, and 
follow the directions accurately.

* Send for the five reports IMMEDIATELY so you will have them 
when the orders start coming in because: When you receive a $5 
order, you MUST send out the requested report.

* ALWAYS PROVIDE SAME-DAY SERVICE ON THE ORDERS YOU RECEIVE.

* Be patient and persistent with this program. If you follow the 
instructions exactly, your results WILL BE SUCCESSFUL!

* ABOVE ALL, HAVE FAITH IN YOURSELF AND KNOW YOU WILL SUCCEED!

******* YOUR SUCCESS GUIDELINES *******

Follow these guidelines to guarantee your success:

If you don't receive 20 orders for REPORT #1 within two weeks, 
continue advertising or sending e-mails until you do. Then, a 
couple of weeks later you should receive at least 100 orders for 
REPORT#2. If you don't, continue advertising or sending e-mails 
until you do.

Once you have received 100 or more orders for REPORT #2, YOU CAN 
RELAX, because the system is already working for you, and the 
cash will continue to roll in!

THIS IS IMPORTANT TO REMEMBER:

Every time your name is moved down on the list, you are placed in 
front of a DIFFERENT report. You can KEEP TRACK of your PROGRESS 
by watching which report people are ordering from you. If you 
want to generate more income, send another batch of e-mails or 
continue placing ads and start the whole process again! There is 
no limit to the income you will generate from this business!

Before you make your decision as to whether or not you 
participate in this program. Please answer one question. DO YOU 
WANT TO CHANGE YOUR LIFE? If the answer is yes, please look at 
the following facts about this program:

1. YOU ARE SELLING A PRODUCT THAT DOES NOT COST ANYTHING TO 
PRODUCE!

2. YOU ARE SELLING A PRODUCT THAT DOES NOT COST ANYTHING TO SHIP!

3. YOU ARE SELLING A PRODUCT THAT DOES NOT COST YOU ANYTHING TO 
ADVERTISE!

4. YOU ARE UTILIZING THE POWER OF THE INTERNET AND THE POWER OF 
MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING TO DISTRIBUTE YOUR PRODUCT ALL OVER THE 
WORLD!

5. YOUR ONLY EXPENSES OTHER THAN YOUR INITIAL $25 INVESTMENT IS 
YOUR TIME!

6. VIRTUALLY ALL OF THE INCOME YOU GENERATE FROM THIS PROGRAM IS 
PURE PROFIT!

ORDER YOUR REPORTS TODAY AND GET STARTED ON YOUR ROAD TO 
FINANCIAL
FREEDOM! NOW IS THE TIME! DECISIVE ACTION YIELDS POWERFUL 
RESULTS!
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
