Return-Path: <m_harding@formann.de>
Delivered-To: em-ca-lorena@em.ca
Received: (qmail 11169 invoked from network); 20 Apr 2001 11:09:18 -0000
Received: from www.ledefi.com (HELO www2.ledefi.com) (194.2.163.113)
  by em.ca with SMTP; 20 Apr 2001 11:09:18 -0000
Received: from 63.49.74.94 ([63.49.74.94]) by www2.ledefi.com (Lotus SMTP MTA v4.6.7  (934.1 12-30-1999)) with SMTP id C1256A34.003D1EDE; Fri, 20 Apr 2001 13:07:38 +0200
From: m_harding@formann.de
To: 
Subject: INTERNET PALS ASSISTING EACH OTHER ACHIEVE FINANCIAL GOALS. BE A MEMBER!!!!!
Date: Fri, 20 Apr 01 07:09:50 Eastern Daylight Time
Reply-To: m_harding@formann.de
X-Priority: 1
X-MSMailPriority: High
Importance: High
Content-Length: 16187
Lines: 442

NO, WE DO NOT KNOW EACH OTHER.  BUT, WE DO HAVE SOMETHING IN
 COMMON, "MONEY". GIVE THIS OFFER CAREFUL THOUGHT.

HAVE A GREAT FUTURE, WHATEVER YOU DECIDE.

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

Please NO "CHEATERS".  ((WE ARE SERIOUS)).

YES YOU CAN BE A MILLIONAIRE JUST LIKE THE REST OF US!!!

I was just like you a short while ago!  I kept getting
offers that promised me great wealth but didn't believe
them, until one day I made up my mind to find out, once and
for all.  Am I glad I did!!!!!!

Let me tell you, with a minimum of effort, you too can be on
your way to the bank and fulfilling your dreams of financial
independence.  What's on "your" lifelong wish list:  a dream
house, sports car, college fund, early retirement?  It's so
easy to achieve that most people can't believe its possible!
If you and your friends went out to dinner at a fast food
restaurant this week you probably spent more than it takes
to get started on this road to wealth and happiness. Get rid
of the stress of everyday financial problems and cash in on
your lifes dreams!  You'll never look back!!

Take the first easy step, and you'll be cashing in before
you know it!

Before you say ''Bull'', please read the following. This is
the letter you have been hearing about on the news lately.
Due to the popularity of this letter on the internet, a
national weekly news program recently devoted an entire show
to the investigation of this program described below, to see
if it really can make people money.

The show also investigated whether or not the program was
legal. Their findings proved once and for all that there are
''absolutely NO laws prohibiting the participation in the
program and if people can follow the simple instructions,
they are bound to make some mega bucks with only $25 out of
pocket cost''.

DUE TO THE RECENT INCREASE OF POPULARITY & RESPECT THIS
PROGRAM HAS ATTAINED, IT IS CURRENTLY WORKING BETTER THAN
EVER.

This is what one had to say: ''Thanks to this profitable
opportunity. I was approached many times before but each
time I passed on it. I am so glad I finally joined just to
see what one could expect in return for the minimal effort
and money required. To my astonishment, I received total $
610,470.00 in 21 weeks, with money still coming in''. Pam
Hedland, Fort Lee, New Jersey.

------------------------------------------------------------

Here is another testimonial:

''This program has been around for a long time but I never
believed in it. But one day when I received this again in
the mail I decided to gamble my $25 on it. I followed the
simple instructions and viola' - 3 weeks later the money
started to come in. First month I only made $240.00 but the
next 2 months after that I made a total of $290,000.00. So
far, in the past 8 months by re-entering the program, I have
made over $710,000.00 and I am playing it again. The key to
success in this program is to follow the simple steps and
NOT change anything'' More testimonials later but first,

****PRINT THIS NOW FOR YOUR FUTURE REFERENCE****

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

If you would like to make at least $500,000 every 4 to 5
months easily and comfortably, please read the
following...THEN READ IT AGAIN and AGAIN!!!

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

FOLLOW THE SIMPLE INSTRUCTION BELOW AND YOUR FINANCIAL
DREAMS WILL COME TRUE, GUARANTEED!

INSTRUCTIONS:

****Order all 5 reports shown on the list below.

****For each report, send $5 CASH, THE NAME & NUMBER OF THE
REPORT YOU ARE ORDERING and YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS to the
person whose name appears ON THAT LIST next to the report.

MAKE SURE YOUR RETURN ADDRESS IS ON YOUR ENVELOPE TOP LEFT
CORNER in case of any mail problems.

****When you place your order, make sure you order each of
the 5 reports. You will need all 5 reports so that you can
save them on your computer and resell them. YOUR TOTAL COST
$5 X 5 = $25.00.

****Within a few days you will receive, vie e-mail, each of
the 5 reports from these 5 different individuals. Save them
on your computer so they will be accessible for you to send
to the 1,000's of people who will order them from you. Also
make a floppy of these reports and keep it on your desk in
case something happen to your computer.

****IMPORTANT __ DO NOT alter the names of the people who
are listed next to each report, or their sequence on the
list, in any way other than what is instructed below in step
'' 1 through 6 '' or you will loose out on majority of your
profits., once you understand the way this works, you will
also see how it WILL NOT work if  you change it.

Remember, this method has been tested, and if you alter, it
WILL NOT work!!! People have tried to put their friends or
relatives names on all five thinking they could get all the
money. Resist the temptation to alter this, it does not work
this way. Believe us, we all have tried to be greedy and
then nothing happened. So Do Not try to change anything
other than what is instructed.  Study the concept, if you do
you will understand, it will not  work for you. Remember,
honesty will reap rewards for you!!!

1....After you have ordered all 5 reports, take this
advertisement and REMOVE the name & address of the person in
REPORT #5. This person has made it through the cycle and is
no doubt counting their fortune.

2.Move the name & address in REPORT #4 down TO REPORT 5

3.Move the name & address in REPORT #3 down TO REPORT 4

4.Move the name & address in REPORT #2 down TO REPORT 3

5 Move the name & address in REPORT #1 down TO REPORT 2

6.Insert YOUR name & address in the REPORT #1 Position.

PLEASE MAKE SURE you copy every name & address ACCURATELY!

===============================================

****Take this entire letter, with the modified list of
names, and save it on your computer. DO NOT MAKE ANY OTHER
CHANGES. Save this on a disk as well just in case if you
loose any data.

****To assist you with marketing your business on the
internet, the 5 reports you purchase will provide you with
invaluable marketing information which includes how to send
bulk e-mails legally, where to find thousands of free
classified ads and much more.

There are 2 Primary methods to get this venture going:

METHOD #1:   BY SENDING BULK E-MAIL LEGALLY

=================================================

Let's say that you decide to start small, just to see how it
goes, and we will assume You and those involved send out
only 5,000 e- mails each. Let's also assume that the mailing
receive only a 0.2% response (the response could be much
better but lets just say it is only 0.2% . Also many people
will send out hundreds of thousands e-mails instead of only
5,000 each).

Continuing with this example, you send out only 5,000 e-
mails. With a 0.2% response, that is only 10 orders for
report # 1.Those 10 people responded by sending out 5,000 e-
mail each for a total of 50,000. Out of those 50,000 e-mails
only 0.2% responded with orders. That's = 100 people
responded and ordered Report # 2. Those 100 people mail out
5,000 e-mails each for a total of 500,000 e-mails. The 0.2%
response to that is 1000 orders for Report # 3. Those 1000
people send out 5,000 e-mails each for a total of 5 million
e-mails sent out. The 0.2% response to that is 10,000 orders
for Report # 4. Those 10,000 people send out 5,000 e-mails
each for a total of 50,000,000 (50 million) e-mails. The
0.2% response to that is 100,000 orders for Report # 5
THAT'S 100,000 ORDERS TIMES $5 EACH = $500,000.00 (half
million).

Your total income in this example is:

1..... $50 +

2.....$500 +

3.....$5,000 +

4... $50,000 +

5.... $500,000

....... Grand Total = $555,550.00

NUMBERS DO NOT LIE. GET A PENCIL & PAPER AND FIGURE OUT THE
WORST POSSIBLE RESPONSES AND NO MATTER HOW YOU CALCULATE IT,
YOU WILL STILL MAKE A LOT OF MONEY!

------------------------------------------------------------

REMEMBER FRIEND, THIS IS ASSUMING ONLY 10 PEOPLE ORDERING
OUT OF 5,000 YOU MAILED TO. Dare to think for a moment what
would happen if everyone, or half or even one 4th of those
people mailed 100,000 e-mails each or more? There are over
150 million people on the internet worldwide and counting.
Believe me, any people will do just that, and more!

METHOD #2:  BY PLACING FREE ADS ON THE INTERNET

============================================== Advertising
on the net is very very inexpensive and there are hundreds
of FREE places to advertise. Placing a lot of free ads on
the internet will easily get a larger response. We strongly
suggest you start with method #1 and add METHOD #2 as you go
along. For every $5 you receive, all you must do is e-mail
them the Report they ordered. That's it . Always provide
same day service on all orders. This will guarantee that the
e-mail they send out, with your name and address on it, will
be prompt because they cannot advertise until they receive
the report.

_______________AVAILABLE REPORTS__________________

ORDER EACH REPORT BY ITS NUMBER & NAME ONLY. Notes: Always
send $5 cash (US CURRENCY) for each Report. Checks NOT
accepted. Make sure the cash is concealed by wrapping it in
at least 2 sheets of paper. On one of those sheets of paper,
write the NUMBER & the NAME of the Report you are ordering,
YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS and your name and postal address.

PLACE YOUR ORDER FOR THESE REPORTS NOW:

===============================================

REPORT #1 ''The Insider's Guide to Advertising for Free on
the Net''

Order Report #1 from:

M. H.
3-G Pantley Ct.
Baltimore, Md. 21220 U.S.A.
_____________________________________________________

REPORT #2 ''The Insider's Guide to Sending Bulk e-mail on
the Net''

Order Report #2 from :

K. R.
P. O. Box 370052
Maple Hts., OH. 44137    U.S.A.
____________________________________________________

REPORT #3 ''The Secret to Multilevel marketing on the Net''

Order Report #3 from:

C. F.
24331 Muirlands Blvd.
#4-248
Lake Forest, CA. 92630 U.S.A.

_____________________________________________________

REPORT #4 ''How to become a millionaire utilizing MLM & the
Net''

Order Report #4 from:

A. Bond
8 Woods Road
East Dummerston, VT. 05346 U.S.A.
______________________________________________________

REPORT #5 ''HOW TO SEND 1 MILLION E-MAILS FOR FREE''

Order Report #5 from:

M. Somerstein
9904 E. 73 St. S
# 1004
Tulsa, OK. 74133 U.S. A.
____________________________________________________

$$$$$$$$$$$$ YOUR SUCCESS GUIDELINES $$$$$$$$$$$$$$

Follow these guidelines to guarantee your success:

***If you do not receive at least 10 orders for Report #1
within 2 weeks, continue sending e-mails until you do.

***After you have received 10 orders, 2 to 3 weeks after
that you should receive 100 orders or more for REPORT #2. If
you did not, continue advertising or sending e-mails until
you do.

***Once you have received 100 or more orders for Report #2,
YOU CAN RELAX, because the system is already working for you
and the cash will continue to roll in!

THIS IS IMPORTANT TO REMEMBER : Every time your name is
moved down on the list, you are placed in front of a
Different report. You can KEEP TRACK of your PROGRESS by
watching which report people are ordering from you. IF YOU
WANT TO GENERATE MORE INCOME SEND ANOTHER BATCH OF E-MAILS
AND START THE WHOLE PROCESS AGAIN. There is NO LIMIT to the
income you can generate from this business!!!
______________________________________________________

FOLLOWING IS A NOTE FROM THE ORIGINATOR OF THIS PROGRAM:

"You have just received information that can give you
financial freedom for the rest of your life, with NO RISK
and JUST A LITTLE BIT OF EFFORT. You can make more money in
the next few weeks and months than you have ever imagined.

Follow the program EXACTLY AS INSTRUCTED. Do Not change it
in any way. It works exceedingly well as it is now. Remember
to e-mail a copy of this exciting report after you have put
your name and address in Report #1 and moved others to #2
.........#5 as instructed above. One of the people you send
this to may send out 100,000 or more e-mails and your name
will be on every one of them. Remember though, the more you
send out the more potential customers you will reach.

So my friend, I have given you the ideas, information,
materials and opportunity to become financially independent.
IT IS UP TO YOU NOW!

*************MORE TESTIMONIALS*****************

'My name is Mitchell. My wife, Jody and I live in Chicago. I
am an accountant with a major US Corporation and I make
pretty good money. When I received this program I grumbled
to Jody about receiving ''junk mail''. I made fun of the
whole thing, spouting my knowledge of the population and
percentages involved. I ''knew'' it wouldn't work. Jody
totally ignored my supposed intelligence and few days later
she jumped in with both feet. I made merciless fun of her,
and was ready to lay the old ''I told you so'' on her when
the thing didn't work. Well, the laugh was on me! Within 3
weeks she had received 50 responses. Within the next 45 days
she had received total $ 147,200.00 ......... all cash! I
was shocked. I have joined Jody in her ''hobby''. Mitchell
Wolf, MD , Chicago, Illinois

------------------------------------------------------------

''Not being the gambling type, it took me several weeks to
make up my mind to participate in this plan. But
conservative that I am, I decided that the initial
investment was so little that there was just no way that I
wouldn't get enough orders to at least get my money back''.
''I was surprised when I found my medium size post office
box crammed with orders. I made $319,210.00 in the first 12
weeks. The nice thing about this deal is that it does not
matter where people live. There simply isn't a better
investment with a faster return and so big''. Dan Sondstrom,
Alberta, Canada

------------------------------------------------------------

''I had received this program before. I deleted it, but
later I wondered if I should have given it a try. Of course,
I had no idea who to contact to get another copy, so I had
to wait until I was e-mailed again by someone
else.........11 months passed then it luckily came
again...... I did not delete this one! I made more than
$490,000 on my first try and all the money came within 22
weeks''. Susan De Suza, New York, N.Y.

------------------------------------------------------------

''It really is a great opportunity to make relatively easy
money with little cost to you. I followed the simple
instructions carefully and within 10 days the money started
to come in. My first month I made $ 20, 560.00 and by the
end of third month my total cash count was $ 362,840.00.
Life is beautiful, Thanx to internet''. Fred Dellaca,
Westport, New Zealand

------------------------------------------------------------

ORDER YOUR REPORTS TODAY AND GET STARTED ON YOUR ROAD TO
FINANCIAL FREEDOM!!!!

===============================================

If you have any questions of the legality of this program,
contact the Office of Associate Director for Marketing
Practices, Federal Trade Commission, Bureau of Consumer
Protection, Washington, DC. THIS LETTER CONSTITUTES NO
GUARANTEES STATED OR IMPLIED. IN THE EVENT THAT IT IS
DETERMINED THAT THIS LETTER CONSTITUTES A GUARANTEE, IT IS
NOW VOID.  ANY TESTIMONIALS OR AMOUNTS OF EARNINGS LISTED IN
THIS LETTER MAY BE FACTUAL OR FICTITIOUS.

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

ONE TIME MAILING, NO NEED TO REMOVE

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

This message is sent in compliance of the proposed bill
SECTION 301. per Section 301, Paragraph (a)(2)(C) of S.
1618. Further transmission to you by the sender of this e-
mail may be stopped at no cost to you by sending a reply to:
marc5858@usa.com with the word Remove in the subject line.
This message is not intended for residents in the State of
Washington, screening of addresses has been done to the best
of our technical ability.













NO, WE DO NOT KNOW EACH OTHER.  BUT, WE DO HAVE SOMETHING IN
 COMMON, "MONEY". GIVE THIS OFFER CAREFUL THOUGHT.

HAVE A GREAT FUTURE, WHATEVER YOU DECIDE.

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$







